The charge sheet filed by the Anti-Terrorism Squad ( ATS ) of the Rajasthan police against five accused in the 2007 Ajmer dargah blast case on Friday has named senior Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh leader Indresh Kumar as having provided guidance for a conspiracy hatched by radical elements for planting bombs in several cities across the country . Despite pointing the finger at Mr. Kumar for addressing a secret meeting in Jaipur on October 31 , 2005 , the charge sheet , filed in an Ajmer court , has not arraigned him as an accused . It only says the probe is still continuing , though the RSS has denied Mr. Kumar 's involvement . The ATS has not identified the RSS or the radical outfit Abhinav Bharat as being involved in the conspiracy for the blast , drawing flak from activist groups here . They have alleged that the investigating agencies are trying to pre-empt the conclusions about the Sangh Parivar 's direct role in terrorism . The 806-page charge sheet says the office-bearers of some organisations hatched a conspiracy to counter the terror attacks on Hindu religious places and prepared a list of targets where the blasts are to be carried out . These included the Ajmer dargah , the Malegaon mosque and the Makkah Masjid in Hyderabad . Mr. Kumar , says the charge sheet , addressed a secret meeting of radical activists at a guesthouse in Jaipur , where he exhorted them to get affiliated to various religious bodies for completing their mission . This will eliminate the scope for suspicion about their trips to different cities . According to the charge sheet , the main accused in the Ajmer blast case , Sunil Joshi of Indore ( who was later murdered ) ; the prime accused in the Malegaon blast case , Pragnya Singh Thakur ; and four others checked into the guesthouse under fake names for attending the meeting . The roles of different persons were decided at the meeting , with the prime task of carrying out the blast at the time of Iftar ' at Ahata-e-Noor in the dargah assigned to Sunil Joshi , alleges the charge sheet . Lokesh Sharma and Ramji Kalsangare were asked to collect weapons and explosives and carry out a recce . The charge sheet says Devendra Gupta was asked to arrange for a mobile SIM card with fake identity papers , while Sandeep Dange and Sunil Joshi would have to arrange for money for the terror activities . The ATS produced one of the accused , Chandrashekhar , in the court while two others Devendra and Lokesh are in Hyderabad for interrogation in connection with the Makkah Masjid blast . Sandeep and Ramji , who are reportedly absconding , were named as accused . The prosecution appended to the charge sheet 213 support documents as well as a list of 133 witnesses . Chief Judicial Magistrate Jagendra Agrawal took cognisance against Devendra , Chandrashekhar and Lokesh under various Sections of the Indian Penal Code , the Explosives Act and the Unlawful Activities ( Prevention ) Act and posted the case to October 26 . OPEN