Srinagar , March 13 : Two mohalla cricketing sides had stepped into the field and were rolling out the mat when two unfamiliar , clean-shaven men carrying cricket kits walked towards them . . . For a moment , it appeared two cricket enthusiasts were looking to play on the Police Public School ground in Srinagar , near a lifeline bypass connecting north and south Kashmir . . . The two men then dropped the kits , removed their jackets and reached into the bags . Out came from the kits AK-47 guns and from the jackets ammunition . . . By the time the guns fell silent after 30 minutes , five CRPF jawans and the two men lay dead and 10 persons , including three young players , were injured . . . It was a fidayeen attack , the first in Srinagar in over three years and executed in a manner that makes every normal feature of civilian life a potential threat to the security forces . . . When the gunfire began , a CRPF reserve party was killing time on the lawns , several jawans playing cards . The premises were considered one of the safest in Kashmir because the school is sandwiched between a CRPF camp and police residential quarters . . . No child or teacher was in the school because of a shutdown called by separatists to seek the body of Afzal Guru , the Parliament attack convict who was hanged in New Delhi on February 16 . Several factors that swirled around the fidayeen attack today appeared to suggest Afzals execution has made Kashmir a deeper quagmire for the security forces . . . The CRPF reserve squad was awaiting deployment to quell the citys stone-throwing protesters , whose ranks have swelled afresh after the hanging of Afzal . . . The attack that began at 10.45 am came weeks after top militant groups vowed to avenge the execution of Afzal . . . The situation on the ground appeared so inflamed that some protesters threw stones at the security forces at Bemina , the site of todays fidayeen attack , even when the operation against the militants was in progress . . . Another target of the stones was a CRPF vehicle ferrying back from hospital jawans who donated blood for those injured in the attack . The CRPF opened fire and killed a youth , inflaming passions further . . . One of the players on the field said the militants lobbed grenades and fired indiscriminately at the CRPF jawans . The scenes that unfolded resembled signature television footage from urban conflict zones uniformed forces taking position , falling to the ground , rolling over , firing on the trot and screaming into what looked like mobile phones . . . The bodies of some jawans lay on the ground . The telltale sign of the end to the battle came when jawans carried out the bodies of the militants , one wearing a red outfit . . . All of us knelt and feared our end has come . The firing and explosions left us breathless for some time . For just 10 seconds or so the firing stopped and some of us ran to the fence , climbed it and crossed to the other side . I now realise it was madness because we could have been shot while climbing , he said , requesting not to be named . . . On record , the players all in the early twenties refused to acknowledge that they saw the militants , probably for fear of being targeted by the security forces . . . I just wanted to save myself and my friends on the ground . I did not see the militants entering the play ground . I lost my senses because of the firing , said Obaid , one of the injured youths . . . Mudassir Wani , who was also injured , said he did not realise he was injured possibly by splinters when he began running out of the field . . . We were busy laying the mat on the pitch and blasts and gunfire rang out . We fled the spot . Some people came to my rescue and shifted me to the hospital after I saw blood oozing from my foot , he said . . . New Delhi blamed militants based in Pakistan . The homegrown Hizb-ul Mujahideen later claimed responsibility , though police suspect the Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Toiba may be involved . A caller identifying himself as Baleeg-ud-din , the spokesperson for Hizb , told a local news agency its men had carried out the attack . . . A police officer claimed both fidayeen were Pakistanis . To be doubly sure , we are also verifying the reports whether one of the militants was Hilal Molvi ( a local militant commander ) . However , preliminary investigations reveal that both were Pakistanis , he said . . . Chief minister Omar Abdullah interrupted proceedings in the Assembly in Jammu to inform the House of the attack . This morning , two fidayeen attacked a CRPF camp at Bemina in which five CRPF men were martyred . Two militants were also killed , Omar said . . . The Valleys officiating police chief , Abdul Gani Mir , said the target of todays attack was peace , referring to the sharp decline in militant attacks in the state in recent years . . . Hundreds of police and paramilitary personnel rushed to the area to seal it and carry out search operations as the forces suspected that more militants might be hiding . . . The last fidayeen attack in Srinagar was on January 6 , 2010 , when militants struck at the city centre . One policeman was killed and nine others were injured .