By B. Muralidhar Reddy ISLAMABAD , DEC. . 30 . The Jaish-e-Mohammad , a Pakistan-based militant organisation operating in Kashmir , today threatened to carry out suicide attacks in various Indian cities in retaliation to the blast that wrecked its office in Karachi on Friday night . The outfit formed by the cleric , Masood Azar , accused the Indian intelligence agency , Research and Analysis Wing -LRB- RAW -RRB- , of having masterminded the blast that killed a girl and injured a dozen others . Maulana Masood Azar was one of the three militants released by the Indian Government in December last year in exchange for the passengers of the hijacked Indian Airlines aircraft . According to reports , the bomb ripped through the building in which the Jaish-e-Mohammad is housed in Karachi . It damaged a restaurant on the ground floor and other parts of the multi-storey building . While the Karachi police said they had detained some suspects and are investigating the incident , an office-bearer of the Jaish blamed the RAW for the blast and said his group would hit back soon . A spokesperson of the group , Mufti Jamil , was quoted as saying : `` We will carry out suicide attacks in cities in India . The RAW should now get ready for our reply . '' On the basis of preliminary investigations , authorities in Karachi said the blast appeared to be in retaliation to the car-bomb blast in Srinagar last week . Eleven persons were killed in the incident in Srinagar on December 25 . The Karachi explosion came four days after bomb blasts in different parts of Pakistan , including a blast in the Lahore market , which injured over 50 people . The Pakistan Interior Minister , Lt. Gen. -LRB- retd . -RRB- Moinuddin Haider , had blamed the Indian intelligence agencies for the explosions . The Lahore police said they had anticipated such retaliation following the attack on the Red Fort in Delhi on December 22 in which three people were killed . The Pakistan-based militant outfit , Lashkar-e-Taiba , had taken responsibility for the attack and threatened to strike at more military and Government buildings in India . . . By B. Muralidhar Reddy . . ISLAMABAD , DEC. . 30 . The Jaish-e-Mohammad , a Pakistan-based militant organisation operating in Kashmir , today threatened to carry out suicide attacks in various Indian cities in retaliation to the blast that wrecked its office in Karachi on Friday night . . . The outfit formed by the cleric , Masood Azar , accused the Indian intelligence agency , Research and Analysis Wing -LRB- RAW -RRB- , of having masterminded the blast that killed a girl and injured a dozen others . . . Maulana Masood Azar was one of the three militants released by the Indian Government in December last year in exchange for the passengers of the hijacked Indian Airlines aircraft . . . According to reports , the bomb ripped through the building in which the Jaish-e-Mohammad is housed in Karachi . . . It damaged a restaurant on the ground floor and other parts of the multi-storey building . . . While the Karachi police said they had detained some suspects and are investigating the incident , an office-bearer of the Jaish blamed the RAW for the blast and said his group would hit back soon . . . A spokesperson of the group , Mufti Jamil , was quoted as saying : `` We will carry out suicide attacks in cities in India . The RAW should now get ready for our reply . '' . . On the basis of preliminary investigations , authorities in Karachi said the blast appeared to be in retaliation to the car-bomb blast in Srinagar last week . Eleven persons were killed in the incident in Srinagar on December 25 . . . The Karachi explosion came four days after bomb blasts in different parts of Pakistan , including a blast in the Lahore market , which injured over 50 people . . . The Pakistan Interior Minister , Lt. Gen. -LRB- retd . -RRB- Moinuddin Haider , had blamed the Indian intelligence agencies for the explosions . . . The Lahore police said they had anticipated such retaliation following the attack on the Red Fort in Delhi on December 22 in which three people were killed . The Pakistan-based militant outfit , Lashkar-e-Taiba , had taken responsibility for the attack and threatened to strike at more military and Government buildings in India .