SRINAGAR : The three-year uneasy calm in Srinagar was shattered on Wednesday with four fidayeen attackers crashing into a CRPF camp on the outskirts of the city , chucking bombs and spraying bullets on CRPF men , killing five of them . Two of the terrorists were killed in the gunbattle in Bemina near the CRPF camp , while the other two escaped . Police said 18 others , including security personnel and civilians , were injured . The four terrorists , around 23-24 years old , dressed in sports gear and carrying what appeared to be cricket kits , pulled out AK-47s , hand grenades and other ammunition just outside the Police Public School ground , near the CRPF camp , said police sources . They mingled with the boys in the ground before attacking CRPF jawans . The attack comes in the wake of monthlong violent protests and clashes in the Valley against the hanging of Afzal Guru , sentenced to death for the 2002 Parliament attack . In the wake of the hanging , Pakistan-based groups who had vowed revenge and Wednesday 's attack was seen as them making good their threat . The last fidayeen attack in Srinagar city was in 2010 . Eyewitnesses said four assailants armed with weaponry surfaced at the gate of the CRPF camp , opened fire on the guards and then , entered the camp . A school by the side of the camp was luckily closed due to a general strike call by separatists in support of their demand for return of Afzal Guru 's body to his family . IG , Srinagar , SM Sahai said the guards at the gate thought the terrorists were cricket players from the nearby playground . The militants removed their jackets , hurled several grenades and fired indiscriminately from their AK-47s . Sources believe that the other two fidayeen might have escaped from the camp . In New Delhi , union home secretary R K Singh told reporters , ` Prima facie evidence suggests that these -LRB- four -RRB- militants were from Pakistan . Two militants were killed , but two are missing . ' Chief Minister Omar Abdullah told the state assembly in Jammu that it was suicide attack . Around three hours after the attack , a group of CRPF men , on their way back from Sher-e-Kashmir Institute of Medical Sciences -LRB- SKIMS -RRB- after donating blood for their injured colleagues opened fire at stone-pelting protesters in Saidpora area of Soura . The gunfire killed a 24-year-old man and injured his father , police said . An police statement said the vehicle ferrying the CRPF men on its return from the institute , ` came under the attack of stone pelting and other missiles by miscreants . ' The release said that the CRPF retaliated by firing on the protestors . Director SKIMS , Dr Showkat Hussain Zagar said the dead man had bullets in his chest . Hizbul Mujahideen , an indigenous terror group linked to Lashkar-e-Taiba and led by Pak-based Syed Salahuddin , claimed responsibility for the attack . A man claiming to represent HM called a Kashmiri news agency and warned of more such attacks . However , police officers said the attack bore tale-tell signs of a Lashkar operation . Three weeks back , the Punjabi Taliban , which works under Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan , had written to TOI correspondent in Islamabad vowing that the next battlefield for all mujahideen will be the Kashmir valley . ` The execution of Kasab and Afzal has aroused a new passion for jihad among the youth of this region . Angry mujahideen , after the withdrawal of foreign forces from Afghanistan , will search for a new battlefield . Surely their ultimate choice would be Kashmir , ' said Maulana Asfatullah Muawiya . A separatist conglomerate Mutahida Majlis Mashawrat -LRB- MMM -RRB- also came into being after Guru 's hanging . ` It was a guerrilla mission carried out by a special squad formed for the said purpose , ' a Hizb spokesman who identified himself as Baleeguddin told a Srinagar news agency on phone . After Guru 's hanging , J&K authorities had handed over the law and order duties to Jammu and Kashmir police and removed CRPF from the streets . The Valley has been on boil since . Daily clashes , stone-pelting incidents , protests , strikes and violence jeopardized the normalcy restored by high turnout of tourists and a long period of relative peace .