Front Page When the festive mood was shattered ... . . Devesh K. Pandey . . NEW DELHI : ` Body parts were scattered all over . Two minors were lying in a pool of blood with their faces completely disfigured , while several others lay writhing in pain screaming for help , ' said an eyewitness , indicating the magnitude of the human tragedy caused by the powerful explosion at Chheh Tuti Chowk in Paharganj area of Central Delhi on Saturday . . . It all happened around 5.30 p.m. , when the area was packed with Diwali shoppers . Like many other local residents , Ajit Singh was sitting in his house when he heard the blast . His three-storey building shook under the impact of the explosion . ' I rushed out and saw people running towards the fruit market . I followed suit , ' said a shocked Mr. Singh . ` Two small children were lying unconscious . A portion of the head of one of them lay ripped apart . A woman , probably their mother , also lay nearby . I , along with local shopkeepers and three policemen , lifted the injured and packed them off in private vehicles to nearby hospitals . ' Six persons were killed on the spot , one of them a ` golgappa-wala ' . . . Shop totally destroyed . . The intensity of the blast could be gauged from the fact that M.L. Jewellers , ' the shop in front of which the bomb exploded , was completely destroyed and those sitting inside , including the shop owner , sustained serious injuries . A medical store nearby was also badly damaged . . . Hoardings were torn apart and windowpanes of shops and residential buildings within a 50-metre diameter were shattered . The hoarding of M.L. Jewellers was blown off and lay entangled with the telephone wires . . . Another local resident , Neeraj Chawla 's shirt was soaked in blood . But he was part of the rescue team . He did not speak much , but his eyes told the tale of horror . . . ` As you can see , Lord Krishna DX Inn , 20 metres from the spot , had its glass-door entrance completely shattered . We can imagine the impact of the blast . Even windowpanes of houses in nearby lanes have been shattered . ' . . Foreign tourists . . ` This is the first time that such an incident has occurred here . It seems the terrorists chose this location keeping in mind that many foreign tourists who come to the Capital stay in the guesthouses at Paharganj . . . Also , there was a heavy rush in the market due to upcoming Diwali , ' said another shopkeeper . . . Overawed by the heavy police presence in the area , Stephen , a tourist from Sweden , said he and his friends were on their way back to their hotel when they heard about the explosion . ` We are shocked . ' . . Among those who visited the spot to review the situation were Union Minister Kapil Sibal and the local MLA , Anjali Rai .