It has been almost a decade-and-a-half since the heyday of militancy in Punjab . One reason why the Punjab police was caught off-guard when a high-intensity blast in a Ludhiana cinema hall on October 13 left seven dead and 32 injured . Wracked as it is by internal dissension and politicisation , this act of terror could n't have come at a worse time for the force . Long years of relative peace has bred complacency among Punjab 's cops , which is why they have largely ignored several indicators suggesting possible terror strikes in the state.One such warning came late last month from the Union ministry of home affairs . Based on intelligence inputs , the mha had sounded an alert towards a possible strike in Delhi or Punjab by activists of the Babbar Khalsa International ( BKI ) . As a top intelligence official told Outlook , even after the relative peace in Punjab , security agencies have routinely tracked undercurrents in the extremist Khalistani groups both in India and abroad . `` In the last few months , '' says he , `` there was evidence of some activity which was seen as part of the ISI 's long-held plan to revive the Khalistan movement in Punjab . We are aware of its efforts in this direction and have been countering it whenever we get wind of anything . But since these Pakistan-based Sikh groups have not been successful in their efforts all these years , not much attention is being paid nowadays to such intelligence inputs and they are handled in a routine manner . `` In retrospect , this proved to be an unforgivable lapse that resulted in loss of lives . National Security Advisor M.K. Narayanan too articulated the same fears when he told the media that `` there has been a manifest attempt in Pakistan to build up a radical Sikh environment . We had intelligence about four to six months back that a lot of effort was going into attempts to foment militancy . We had been bracing for such a move by such elements '' . There were other pointers too . Earlier this year , exploiting the violence that erupted over Dera Sacha Sauda chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh 's appearing in an ad dressed like the 10th Sikh guru , Guru Gobind Singh , fringe radical outfits in Punjab whipped up Sikh sentiment against Dera followers . They found some support from the ruling Akali Dal that was itching to get back at Dera followers for not backing them during the assembly elections in February . In the last couple of months , these radical groups , under the banner of the Khalsa Action Committee ( KAC ) , have been organising well-attended Khalsa marches in the Punjab countryside where the thrust of the speeches has been on reviving the Sikh identity , language and culture.It has taken on an ethnic hue along the way . Radical organisations with a violent past , such as the Dal Khalsa , have publicly expressed their opposition to the increasing number of migrants from Bihar and UP . The Dal Khalsa plans another Punjab Jagao march on October 31 from Amritsar to Hoshiarpur where , among other things , it has announced it will take up the issue of the changing demographic profile of Punjab due to the influx of Bihari migrant labour.It was n't a coincidence therefore that the target in the Ludhiana blast was the migrant labour community , probably the only ones interested in watching a Bhojpuri film in Punjab . As one police officer puts it , `` These groups who were forced to exist on the fringes since the end of Punjab militancy have managed to corner more space for themselves now , due to the Dera tension . Though these overground groups may lack the ability to conduct a strike like this , their activities could have given a boost to underground militant groups desperate to revive militancy in Punjab . `` That these issues do provoke a strong public response was evident in the reaction aroused by the death penalty given by a local court some weeks ago to Jagtar Hawara and Balwant Singh of the BKI for their role in the assassination of then Punjab chief minister Beant Singh in 1995 . The KAC lost no time in organising a well-attended prayer meeting for the convicts at the Akal Takht where Jathedar Joginder Singh Vedanti went to the extent of saying that `` the court should have considered Hawara and Balwant Singh 's cases sympathetically because their actions were committed in the heat of the moment '' . That in fact the BKI bosses based in Pakistan , particularly Wadhawa Singh who took a personal interest in Beant Singh 's assassination , were itching to retaliate against the Hawara-Balwant sentencing is a secret everyone knew in Punjab . And though most consider the revival of a separatist movement in the state a remote possibility , there is no denying that the retaliation against the death penalty has found a measure of public acceptance.Punjab may not require a K.P.S. Gill yet , but given the current ferment in Sikh politics , the state needs to smarten up its police force . Most officers who were involved in anti-terrorist operations or intelligence-gathering have either moved out of the state or are nearing retirement . And with its former DGP , S.S. Virk , involved in a corruption case , the force is divided down the middle . As one senior officer puts it , `` Most of us are busy currying favour with Sukhbir Badal ( the chief minister 's son ) or fixing his political adversaries to have any time for anti-terrorist operations '' . . . .