Front Page 26 killed , 100 injured in Nagaland blasts . . DIMAPUR/GUWAHATI , OCT. 2 . In a sudden outburst of violence in the North-East , 45 persons were killed and about 150 injured in a series of bomb blasts and firing by militants in Nagaland and Assam today . . . Twentysix persons , including women and children , were killed and over 100 injured in two powerful blasts that rocked the railway station and a nearby market in quick succession in Nagaland 's commercial town of Dimapur . . . Militants strike in Assam . . Militants belonging to the banned National Democratic Front of Bodoland -LRB- NDFB -RRB- struck terror in Lower Assam , indulging in indiscriminate shooting at weekly markets and triggering explosions in Dhubri and Chirang districts and in Bogaigaon , killing 19 persons and injuring 48 . . . Giving details of the twin blasts in Nagaland , police said the first IED explosion occurred at the Dimapur railway station at 9.30 a.m. killing 12 persons on the spot and injuring 60 . People were waiting for the arrival of the daily passenger train , running between Guwahati and Upper Assam . . . The platform was crowded with people , including schoolchildren , waiting to board the train to Bokajan in Assam 's Karbi Anglong district , when the explosive planted near the entrance detonated . . . The blast completely damaged the stationmaster 's office , the reservation and enquiry counters and blew off the roof . . . Seconds later , another blast rocked the busy Hong Kong Market area , killing 10 people on the spot and injuring 40 , police said . Four critically wounded people died at the district civil hospital . . . The police are yet to ascertain whether any militant group of the North-East was behind the twin blasts . . . In Assam , NDFB militants stormed the Makrijhora weekly market in Dhubri district at 5.30 p.m. and opened fire killing 11 persons on the spot and seriously injuring four , a top police official , L.R. Bishnoi , said . . . In a simultaneous attack in the same district , a group of militants fired at a truck going from Guwahati to Bihar and injured three . . . In another incident at the oil township of Bongaigoan , militants hurled grenades , killing three and injuring 10 . Militants hurled grenades killing two motorcyclists and injuring two at Abhayapuri . . . Militants set off a bomb at Santipur Bazar in Chirang district on the Indo-Bhutan border at 9.15 a.m. , killing one person on the spot . Another died in hospital , while 16 injured were admitted to a hospital at Dhaligaon . . . Police station attacked . . Three policemen were injured when militants hurled grenades at the police station at Baihata-Chariali in Kamrup district . . . One person was killed and another injured when ultras attacked the Jagi Road police station with grenades , police said . . . Militants fired at a train injuring 10 people at Diphu in Karbi Anglong district . . . An NDFB militant was shot dead by security forces in Kokrajhar district last night . . . The NSCN -LRB- I-M -RRB- condemned the blasts and said `` such mindless acts of terrorism , which can never achieve anything good for the people , has no place in a civilised society . '' . . ULFA rejects ceasefire . . The United Liberation Front of Asom -LRB- ULFA -RRB- has rejected the ceasefire offer by the Assam Government . The ULFA ` commander-in-chief , ' Paresh Barua , called up local newspapers yesterday night from a secret location and rejected the offer . PTI , UNI .