Sushanta Talukdar . . The 5-year-old girl celebrated her birthday recently . . Guwahati : Five-year-old Moromi -LRB- meaning Lovely in Assamese -RRB- barely started giving her final touches to a melting pot of culture that her Hindi-speaking father Sagar Sarma and Bengali-speaking mother Sunita Sarma were giving shape to , when the Sarmas gave her an Assamese name and admitted her in an Assamese medium school 10 months back . Sarma migrated from Samastipur in Bihar and married Sunita from Golokganj in lower Assams Dhubri district and the couple started nurturing a dream at a rented house in the city . . . Tragedy strikes . . The pot cracked on October 30 when a car-bomb at Ganheshguri snuffed the life out of Sarma , when the caring father , a carpenter , had come to pick Moromi up from her school . The father and daughter were proceeding to buy fish from the market across the flyover . . . Sunita did not have time to mourn the demise of her husband for she desperately wanted to keep the pot from breaking down hoping to see her lovely little daughter , lying at the Guwahati Medical College and Hospital , to come round soon . . . Loses battle . . Moromi , who sustained nearly 80 per cent of burns in the blast that also separated her from father for good , lost the battle with death on Monday night . . . Sunita , who works as a part-time domestic help with three families at Hengerabari , lay unconscious at the hospital when relatives took away her daughter for burial . The little girl became the 81st and the youngest victim of the October 30 serial blasts . . . Joy and despair . . On Thursday , Moromi was in her school uniform when the teachers and her friends bade her goodbye and wished her a belated birthday that took place the previous day coinciding with Diwali celebration . On Monday , Moromi returned to school draped in white cloth , a scene that left the all the 15 teachers and her tiny classmates at the Dispur Government Junior Basic School , other students and their guardians shattered . . . She loved to read very much and was very inquisitive . Even at such a tender age she displayed leadership and would rush to show me as soon as she finishes writing the alphabets or the numbersshe was really a lovely girl. , said her class teacher Nilima Kalita . She could not speak much as her voice choked and she broke down . Tears rolled down the cheeks of other teachers too , when they were awaiting arrival of Moromis mortal remains for a last glimpse . Everyone present there wept bitterly as the body was brought in a van . . . Unanswerable question . . Her classmates Kankana and Nisharani were inconsolable while her elder brother Sarat of class II , looked on helplessly looking puzzled . Sarat had his head tonsured after his fathers death . The little boy could not utter a single word but his moist eyes with a blank look asked a bigger question that no one around him had the answer what was the fault of my lovely little sister and our caring father ? .