The Commissionerate police are still groping in the dark about Saturday 's blast that took place in a shop in Cuttack in which at least seven persons suffered injuries while the shop owner is still absconding . Senior police officers of the city are silent over the findings of the investigations but scientific experts are convinced that crude bombs went off during preparation stage . We have retrieved some bomb residues from the spot which indicate that bombs were prepared inside the shop . At least two powerful bombs went off in a shop dealing with cell phone recharge vouchers at Kaliaboda area of the city under Chauliaganj police station late on Saturday evening . The bombs were so potent that at least seven persons standing at a distance from the shop received grievous injuries . While the police claim that there was nobody in the shop when the bombs exploded , they have however , not yet traced the shop owner , Kartik Behera of the locality . Locals maintain that the shop had been closed for over a month and it opened only on Saturday morning . They suspect that the shop owner was involved in preparing the bombs and the explosives were prepared in the shop clandestinely . The local police began investigating the matter after registering a case and they claim that they are looking into all possible angles to ascertain the motive , including the claims made by some natives that the shop was used for making bombs . People panicky Meanwhile , panic gripped the area after Saturday 's incident which came just within 24 hours of a firing incident that happened in nearby Sikharpur area on Friday evening . A works contractor had narrowly escaped when an accomplice of an extortionist fired at him right in front of his house . While the bullet had missed the contractor , it had hit an aquarium stationed nearby causing a splinter injury to an old woman sitting beside it . At least seven injured ; shop-owner absconding Scientific experts say that crude bombs went off during preparation stage OPEN