Investigators trying to string together bits of evidence in the serial blasts in the city have hit a hurdle as some CCTV cameras at the explosion sites have been found to be non-functional . The CCTV cameras installed at Dena Bank , McDonalds and Bal Gandharva traffic square , near the site of the explosions , have not yielded any clue so far and some of them were non-functional , sources in the investigative agencies said on condition of anonymity . Sources said the Maharashtra Anti Terrorism Squad , Pune Crime Branch and the National Investigation Agency are looking for clues from two bicycles , as two of the four coordinated blasts last night were from bombs in their front carriers . Explosives were strapped to these bicycles , which appear newly purchased . Investigators are trying to locate the shop from where these were bought in order to nail the perpetrators . Reports said a black sticky substance with ammonium nitrate was used in the explosions . Forensic experts are also trying to ascertain the concentration of explosives in the devices to zero in on the group behind the blasts . According to sources , different terror groups use varied concentration of explosives in their signature bombs . Injured in hospital Dayanand Patil , the only person injured in the blast at Bal Gandharva Theatre square , is being questioned by the police as to how the explosive found its way into his carry bag . Sources said Patil , who sustained minor injuries , was not being treated as a suspect in the case . Patil , who hails from nearby Urali Kanchan village and is a daily commuter to Pune for tailoring work , is in hospital where his statement is being recorded . Patil has told the police that he had visited the dharna by Anna Hazares India Against Corruption and somebody kept the explosive in his carry bag . Police have registered an offence against unknown persons under sections 307 ( attempt to murder ) , 427 ( mischief causing damage ) , 120 B ( criminal conspiracy ) and relevant sections of Unlawful Activities Prevention Act and Explosive Substances Act . Pune Commissioner of Police Gulabrao Pol has said that the use of very low-intensity explosives could possibly mean that it was not the handiwork of terrorists but an act of mischief . However , Union Home Secretary R K Singh said in Delhi that terror angle could not be ruled out as the blasts were coordinated.PTI OPEN