Death and destruction struck in the last quarter-mile of the Boston Marathon . Among the nearly 27,000 runners in the worlds oldest marathon , those making their way towards the final stretch of the 26.2-mile run may have felt nothing but a combination of exhilaration and exhaustion . Yet as they approached the finish line at 2.45 p.m. on Monday the unsuspecting runners were violently hurled to the ground by the force of a powerful shockwave from coordinated twin blasts of shrapnel-spewing bombs . The blasts , which President Barack Obama described as a heinous and cowardly act ... of terror , left at least three persons dead and more than 176 injured . Speaking in a subdued but determined tone at the White House three hours after the explosions and again on Tuesday morning , Mr. Obama admitted : What we dont yet know , however , is who carried out this attack , or why ; whether it was planned and executed by a terrorist organisation , foreign or domestic , or was the act of a malevolent individual . He further cautioned that people shouldnt jump to conclusions before we have all the facts . He , however , left little doubt that his administration would pursue those responsible for the first major terror attack since 9/11 with vigour . He promised , We will get to the bottom of this ... Any responsible individuals , any responsible groups will feel the full weight of justice . He took time to praise Bostonians for their generosity towards victims and their families , and to commend first responders and law enforcement agencies . FBI investigation At a press conference on Monday night , the Federal Bureau of Investigation announced that it was taking charge of the bombings probe . On Tuesday morning , The Boston Globe reported that the FBI had raided the Waters Edge apartment complex at 364 Ocean Avenue , fuelling questions about home-grown terror . Victims were being brought in to the Massachusetts General Hospital ( MGH ) , the Tufts Medical Centre , Brigham , and the Womens Hospital and other area hospitals . Seventeen patients were said to be in a critical condition . Among the dead was eight-year-old Martin Richards . OPEN