Delhi/Srinagar : Terrorists who posed as cricketers to enter a paramilitary camp in Srinagar and opened fire , killing five jawans , were most likely Pakistani , said Home Secretary RK Singh . Two terrorists were killed ; Mr Singh said another pair may have escaped.Pakistan has rejected the accusation . `` This trend of making irresponsible statements and knee-jerk reactions by senior Indian government functionaries has the potential of undermining the efforts made by both sides to normalise relations between the two countries , '' Pakistan 's Foreign Office said in a statement . -LRB- Read -RRB- Children were playing cricket in a large open field this morning at the Central Reserve Police Force camp when militants carrying bags that looked like cricket kits joined them . Then , in the middle of the field , without any cover , they pulled out automatic rifles from their sports bags and opened fire . Officers say the terrorists were strapped with grenades , many of which they lobbed at security personnel present there . `` We had guns , but we were standing in a civilian area - it had policemen 's apartments . So , we fired at them in a controlled manner , '' said Akhtar Aadam , a CRPF jawan who was injured in the attack.Four civilians and eight CRPF jawans were injured in the attack ; none are in critical condition . But a 22-year-old protester was killed when security forces allegedly opened fire on a mob who hurled stones at their vehicle as it was returning from the hospital where those injured were being treated . Curfew has been imposed in the city.The Kashmir-based militant group Hizbul Mujahideen phoned a local news agency and said it was behind this morning 's ambush , a claim intelligence officials are n't really buying , said sources.Kashmir has been tense since the execution in February of Afzal Guru , who belonged to Sopore near Srinagar for his role in the deadly 2001 attack on Parliament in which 13 people were killed.He was hanged and buried at Tihar Jail in a top-secret operation , triggering large protests in his home state . The government has refused to return his body to his family . .