GUWAHATI : Ten days before it goes to the polls and 24 hours before Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was to land in his home state , Assam was rocked by four deadly explosions on Monday that left at least nine people dead and more than 60 people injured . -LRB- Watch -RRB- Undeterred by the terror attacks , the prime minister will go ahead with his visit and address a rally at Dispur on Tuesday , officials in New Delhi said . Union home minister P Chidambaram called chief minister Tarun Gogoi minutes after the blasts . Official sources said the Union cabinet secretary , defence secretary and home secretary would arrive here on Tuesday to take stock of the situation . The finger of suspicion pointed to the northeast 's most active terrorist outfit , the United Liberation Front Of Asom -LRB- Ulfa -RRB- , which is to mark its 30th ` Raising Day ' on Tuesday . In the past , Ulfa terrorists have triggered blasts in the state to observe the day and also planted bombs just ahead of VVIP visits , the deadliest being serial blasts in January , just ahead of Chidamabaram 's first visit to Guwahati as home minister . -LRB- Watch -RRB- Monday 's deadliest blast was triggered at a busy bus stop at Maligaon on the outskirts of Guwahati around 1.40 pm and killed eight people , including a 10-year-old boy . More than 50 people were injured there . The Maligaon police station and the headquarters of the Northeast Frontier Railway are a stone 's throw from the site . According to a police officer scanning the site minutes after the blast , the explosion at Maligaon was caused by an improvised explosive device -LRB- IED -RRB- planted either on a bicycle or a motorcycle . People waiting at the bus stop were the first to be hit . The blast was so powerful that several cars and motorcycles parked nearby caught fire . The flames soon spread to neighbouring houses . Many people jumped out of their windows in panic to escape the fire and smoke and injured themselves . Less than two hours later , another explosion , this time at a busy marketplace in Dhekiajuli in Sonitpur district , injured three Railway Protection Force personnel on election duty . Here , too , the bomb was strapped to a parked bicycle , a vehicle of terror that has been used effectively by Ulfa terrorists . In the third blast in the evening , terrorists threw a grenade at the Mancachar police station in Dhubri district , killing a constable . Another grenade lobbed in the Garo Basti area in Udalguri district did not explode . A fourth bomb explosion rocked Karbi Anglong district , injuring two people . Gogoi condemned the blasts and said his government would crush the terrorist elements operating in the state . Deputy inspector general of police -LRB- central range -RRB- G P Singh said Ulfa was behind the blasts . ` We had information about the outfit 's plans to carry out terror activities ahead of its foundation day on April 7 , ' he said . Sources said intercepted messages of Ulfa militants suggest the outfit will now target security forces and non-Assamese people . ` The Maligaon blast may have been carried out by one of Ulfa 's 109th battalion members who have recently sneaked into the city . We came to know about a 27th battalion Ulfa cadre named Deepak who had supposedly hired a man called Sagar Topno to carry out the blast in Sonitpur district , ' a source said . Forensic experts who visited the blast site at Maligaon said bicycle ball-bearings were packed into the bomb as shrapnel . Experts said chemical tests would be required to confirm the type of explosives used . An NSG bomb squad is also expected to arrive on Tuesday .