New Delhi Inquiry handed over to Special Branch . . NEW DELHI : A high-level inquiry has been ordered into the two powerful blasts that rocked two cinema halls in West Delhi , killing one person and injuring over 50 people . . . The investigation of the case has been handed over to the Special Cell of the Delhi police . . . After the blasts , Delhi Police Commissioner , K K Paul , who visited the sites , held a meeting at the Police Headquarters , where it was decided to hand over the case to the Special Cell , trained to deal with terrorist activities . Meanwhile , a bomb disposal squad , the elite National Security Guards and forensic teams reached both the cinema halls to collect clues . . . Both the cinema halls - Satyam in Patel Nagar and Liberty in Karol Bagh - were screening ` Jo Bole So Nihal , ' a film that provoked protests from a section of Sikhs . . . However , the police , not immediately relating the blasts to the film , said they were the `` handiwork of an organised group . '' It has not identified any definite group as responsible for the incident . . . According to eyewitnesses , the blasts were of a very high intensity but the explosive devices had no splinter elements . They caused considerable damage to the two cinema halls , which are situated quite close to each other . . . PM condemns blasts . . The Prime Minister , Manmohan Singh , on Sunday night condemned the blasts and asked the people of Delhi to remain calm . He has assured all steps to ensure peace and security in the national Capital , his media advisor Sanjaya Baru said . . . Dr. Singh will be visiting the hospitals , where those injured in the explosions were admitted , early tomorrow morning before travelling to Ranthambore tiger reserve , Mr. Baru said . . . Sonia expresses concern . . Expressing concern over the explosion in cinema theatres , the Congress president , Sonia Gandhi asked the Chief Minister , Sheila Dikshit , and Lt. Governor , B L Joshi , to take all measures to maintain law and order and provide relief to the injured . She said immediate steps should be taken to provide the injured relief , AICC Secretary , Media , Tom Vaddakkan said . - UNI & PTI .