Staff Reporter . . Security stepped up in and around the mosque as life returns to normal . . NEW DELHI : Even as normality returned to the Walled City area of the Capital on Saturday within hours of the two bomb explosions inside the historic Jama Masjid complex on Friday , the Special Cell of the Delhi police picked up over a dozen people for questioning . However , no arrests have been made so far . . . Amid tight security , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh along with Union Minister of State for External Affairs E. Ahmed visited the mosque on Saturday evening and met the Shahi Imam of Jama Masjid . He also visited the hospital where the injured are admitted . . . Earlier in the day , Delhi 's Police Commissioner K. K. Paul took a round of the Walled City area to review the security arrangements . ` We are piecing together all the evidence gathered from the blast site . About 15 people have been interrogated in coordination with intelligence agencies in connection with the blast , ' he disclosed . . Along with those picked up for interrogation , the antecedents of at least two suspects are being probed by Special Cell officers as they have given contradictory statements about their movement at the time of the blasts . With the help of eyewitnesses the police are trying to reconstruct the sequence of events leading to the explosions near the water-tank right at the centre of the historic mosque . . . The police have also recorded the statements of some of the victims injured in the twin blasts . . . The police have recovered portions of a battery from the scene of explosions but have not come across any timer device or wire . Though senior police officers are sure that the bombs used in the explosions were crude , they are probing how exactly they were configured . . . According to the police , the nature of blasts indicates that some local group was involved . ` As investigations are in an initial stage , we can not say for sure which outfit is behind the explosions , ' said a senior police officer , emphasising that the motive of the blasts by all indications was not to kill but to whip up communal passions . . . Following the explosions , metal detectors have been installed at all entrances to the Jama Masjid and more police personnel have been deployed in the area . All visitors to the mosque are being frisked and their belongings checked . However , all the shops in the area around the mosque remained open on Saturday . . . Meanwhile , barring three of the victims , all the other injured were discharged from Lok Nayak Jayaprakash Narayan Hospital on Saturday .