Mumbai : A hazy picture is gradually emerging of how the blasts took place - sophisticated Improvised Explosive Devices -LRB- IEDs -RRB- were used ; they were triggered by alarms set on cellphones . No sim cards have been found at the locations of the blasts . Two of the bombs used over a kilo of explosives . `` Preliminary investigations indicate the use of IEDs with ammonium nitrate-based explosives . The IEDs are not crude . They indicate some level of sophistication , '' Union Home Secretary RK Singh told reporters on Thursday , a day after triple blasts in Mumbai left 17 people dead , 131 injured and a severed head to be identified.Mr Singh also confirmed that a dead body at JJ Hospital in Mumbai had been found with an electrical circuit on it . When asked if the gadget could have been a timer used to trigger one of the explosions , he said that it was safest for now to assume that the person who died was standing close to where an explosion took place . UK Bansal , Special Secretary for Internal Security said there were no leads yet against any terror group.Meanwhile , Mumbai Police now say the CCTV footage from Dadar and Zaveri Bazaar blasts sites has yielded little . They now hope to find some vital clues in the footage from a building near the Opera House , the third blast site.Investigations are being carried out by the Maharashtra Anti-Terrorist Squad -LRB- ATS -RRB- and the Mumbai Police -LRB- Crime Branch -RRB- , assisted by teams from the National Investigating Agency -LRB- NIA -RRB- , the National Security Guard -LRB- NSG -RRB- and Central Forensic Science Laboratory -LRB- CFSL -RRB- . The NIA Director General is in Mumbai to oversee the probe.The union Home Ministry has been updating the media regularly about post-blast investigations . Home Minister P Chidambaram , who is in Mumbai , refused to speculate on who is responsible for the attacks . He said no group has so far claimed responsibility . He added that all groups `` hostile to India '' were being probed . `` We have asked the police and investigators not to proceed on presupposition . All those who have the capacity to carry out terror attacks are suspected . All angles will be investigated , all premises will be examined , all leads will be followed , '' Mr Chidambaram said . -LRB- Watch : Live video of our complete coverage -RRB- .