New Delhi : The 2007 Ajmer blast accused Bhavesh Patel has sent a letter to National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) special court saying Home Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde forced him to implicate Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh ( RSS ) chief Mohan Bhagwat and senior leader Indresh Kumar in the terror strike . CNN-IBN has accessed the letter written by Patel in which he has also blamed some other senior Congress ministers and leaders for trying to frame Bhagwat . . . Even as the NIA rubbished the allegations , sources say that Bhavesh Patel has also reportedly named others such as Digvijaya Singh , Minister of State for Home RPN Singh and Coal Minister Sri Prakash Jaiswal . . . NIA sources , however , say that Bhavesh Patel was asked repeatedly by the court if he is being pressured . Patel , according to the NIA sources , had said he was not being pressured . . . Sources have also refuted the charges on the grounds that since Indresh Kumar had not been named in the FIR there is no question of anyone putting pressure on Patel into naming him . . . Both Digvijaya Singh and RPN Singh dismissed Patel 's allegations . `` I do not know Bhavesh Patel . He has accepted that he was a member of RSS and that he played a part in the Ajmer blasts . Need to investigate who asked him to write the letter , '' said Digvijaya . . . `` I deny this totally . Allegations are baseless . I was not even MoS ( Home ) then . It 's been 11 months since I took charge , '' said RPN Singh . . . Claiming that Patel 's letter is strong evidence , RSS leader Ram Madhav said , `` We have been saying from the beginning that there is a conspiracy against Hindu organisations , specifically against the RSS and its leaders . We are calling for an unbiased probe . '' . . Meanwhile , the NIA court in Ajmer framed murder charges on Tuesday against seven persons , including key accused Aseemanand , in the 2007 Ajmer Dargah blast case . . . Devendra Gupta , Lokesh Sharma , Chandrashekher Leve , Bharat Mohan Rateshwar , Jarshad Bhjai and Mukesh Wasani have also been charged under sections 302 ( murder ) and 307 ( attempt to murder ) of IPC . . . They have also been booked under the Explosives Act for causing an explosion at the Dargah to create terror and under the Unlawful Activities Act for causing communal disharmony and waging war against the State . . . The two FIRs were initially registered at Ajmer in 2007 and subsequently the investigation was transferred to NIA in 2011 . The court framed charges based on the NIA charge sheet . . . Three persons were killed and 20 injured in the blasts in October 2007 . . . .