GUWAHATI : Ulfa turned party-poopers for Assam 's Tarun Gogoi government , celebrating its one year in office , when a powerful explosion at Aathgaon area in Guwahati killed six persons and wounded over 30 on Saturday . This is the seventh blast in Guwahati and third at Aathgaon , inhabited mostly by non-Assamese , in this month . The explosion which took place around 10.30 am on S C Road killed three persons on the spot . Another three died on their way to hospital . The blast spot was a few metres away from Marwari Maternity Hospital and four popular schools . At least 25 injured were first admitted to Marwari Hospital but later shifted to Guwahati Medical College and Hospital . Five of the dead have been identified as Partha Saha , Nirmal Dey , M Ali Dhubri , Nareshwor Deka and Mohammad Anowar Hussain , who was from Bihar . Assam IGP -LRB- law and order -RRB- D K Pathak said a powerful improvised explosive device -LRB- IED -RRB- was planted on an autorickshaw . ` When the bomb went off , it triggered a chain reaction and an LPG cylinder in a rickshaw coming from the opposite direction exploded . This enhanced the intensity of the blast , ' he said . Shivendu Kumar Dey , a resident , said he heard a loud bang and immediately saw smoke billowing out from the spot . Three autorickshaws , two four-wheelers and three cycle-rickshaws were damaged . Splinters were found on walls of adjacent houses . ` It took place in front of our house . I saw a blood-stained body hit the front gate and a severed hand flew into our living room , ' he said . Sarat Chandra Rana , a survivor , said he and his son were in their car when they heard the explosion . ` We took the road to avoid traffic . I slammed the brakes as soon as it happened . ' Though his car was extensively damaged , they escaped with just a few bruises and cuts . Residents of Fancy Bazar and Aathgaon two commercial areas took to streets in protest against the Ulfa-orchestrated violence . They shouted slogans and warned the banned outfit . They sought adequate protection from the government , which has so long been unsuccessful in taming Ulfa bombers in the city .