IEDs , detonators and printed material referring to Al Qaeda was found at the blast site.Kolkata : Two women were arrested today in connection with a blast on October 2 that killed two suspected terrorists at a house in West Bengal 's Burdwan district . Improvised explosive devices and the material to make them - watch dials and detonators - and SIM cards were recovered from the house , located in Khagragarh area . Some printed material was also found , which had references to Al Qaeda chief Ayman Al Zawahri , Indian Mujahideen and even the Chechen rebels.Police suspect the group was involved with a terrorist outfit and they were using the rented house as a shelter.The National Investigation Agency and the Intelligence Bureau are already probing the possible involvement of terror groups like Lashkar-e-Taiba and Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islami . The Special Task Force , the Anti-Terrorism Squad and the Criminal Investigation Department are involved in the probe as well . The agencies have been on their toes following a recent Al Qaeda announcement regarding the setting-up of a module in the Indian subcontinent . -LRB- Read : Al Qaeda 's India Branch and the Man Who Will Head it -RRB- The arrested women were identified as Rejara Biwi and Amina Biwi . Rejara Biwi 's husband Shakil Ahmed was one of the men who died in the blast . Amina Biwi 's husband Abdul Hasan was injured . The second person killed in the blast has been identified as Shobhan Mondal . The owner of the house , Hasan Chowdhury , is being questioned . `` Following their interrogation , we have found sufficient evidence to suggest that they are a part of the conspiracy , '' Assistant Superintendent of Police -LRB- Burdwan -RRB- Tarun Halder told the news agency Indo-Asian Abroad News Service . The suspected militants had rented the house a few months ago , the police said.The opposition BJP has accused the Mamata Banerjee government of turning the state into a terrorist haven . Alleging that a Trinamool Congress office was located on the ground floor of the house , state BJP leader Siddharth Nath Singh accused the Burdwan police of destroying evidence in the case . `` Why was the National Investigation Agency informed almost a day late ? We can safely conclude that West Bengal under Mamata Banerjee 's rule has become a safe haven for anti-national elements and jihadi activists , '' he said.Addressing a press conference in the evening , TMC general secretary Mukul Roy said the BJP and the CPI -LRB- M -RRB- were merely trying to `` disturb the peace and harmony in Bengal '' . `` Mamata Banerjee has never allowed any communal tension in Bengal . Till her last breath , she never will , '' he said . .