Leader of Opposition L K Advani said on Wednesday that the serial bomb blasts on Mumbai 's suburban trains have brought to the fore the need for an anti-terrorist law . . . ` The blasts show that the government of Pakistan has not kept up its committment to dismantle anti-India terrorist infrastructure on Pakistani soil , ' Advani told reporters after visiting the injured at Bhabha and KEM hospitals and Mahim railway station , one of the seven blast sites . . . Refusing to criticise Maharashtra government directly , he said , ` This is a time when raja and praja must unitedly face the challenge before them . ' . . The senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader said it was the responsibility of the Central and Maharasthra governments to demolish the terrorist modules operating within . . . About the blasts themselves , he said they were far more well-coordinated than London metro blasts last year . . . Referring to media reports about the alleged involvement of the banned Students Islamic Movement of India , he said , ` Its footprints and those of similar anti-national elements must be investigated and erased . ' . . Just like the 9/11 attacks were not just an attack on New York , but the entire United States , Tuesday 's serial blasts in Mumbai were not just an attack on the commercial capital but on the entire nation , Advani added . . . Replying to a query on theUnion Home Secretary 's statement that Indo-Pak peace process will continue , Advani said , ` If you want to deal firmly with terrorism we should not give an impression that you are ready to make any compromise . The image of being a soft nation encourages terrorism . ' . . He also demanded that underworld don Dawood Ibrahim be brought to India to stand trial in the 1993 Mumbai serial bomb blasts case . . . Suspecting the don 's role in Tuesday 's serial blasts , Advani said Dawood is to 7/11 what Osama Bin Laden is to 9/11 . . . Dawood has been named absconding accused in the March 12 , 1993 serial blasts case in which CBI has alleged that the underworld don masterminded the explosions to destablise the country . . . After several claims by India that Dawood was hiding in Pakistan , the neighbouring country has denied reports that he was holed up in the country . .