People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) leader Abdul Nasir Maudany was taken by the Bangalore City police to Kodagu on Friday . Highly-placed sources in the city police told The Hindu that a team of four officials left by road with Mr. Maudany . Conspiracy The team wants to confront Mr. Maudany with a place in Hosathotha where they say the conspiracy to carry out the serial bomb blasts in Bangalore in July 2008 was hatched . Ginger plantation It is at a ginger plantation at Hosathotha that Mr. Maudany is supposed to have met T. Nazir , the prime accused in the blasts in which a woman was killed and 20 persons were injured . The team also wants to investigate whether the plantation at Hosathotha was being used as a covert meeting place for hatching conspiracies . Mr. Maudany and the police team are expected to be back in Bangalore on Monday . Statements recorded Meanwhile , the city police have recorded the statement of 255 witnesses in connection with the serial blasts . Since more than a dozen accused in the blasts are PDP members , the finger of suspicion pointed at Mr. Maudany , a senior police official on condition of anonymity told The Hindu . Sources said the two-day interrogation of Mr. Maudany had so far not revealed anything substantial . Apart from admitting to having spoken to Nazir from Kerala , Mr. Maudany had denied that either he or his wife , Soofiya , had any role in the serial blasts . The sources said they would take a decision on seeking an extension of Mr. Maudany 's remand after he returned from Kodagu . Legal aid forum Staff Reporter writes from Kochi : The PDP will form a legal aid forum to secure justice for Mr. Maudany . The forum would have as its members organisations and individuals who support the cause of the arrested leader , Poonthura Siraj , working chairman of the party , told presspersons . If Mr. Maudany was not given bail before the end of the Ramzan fasting period , the organisation would start an agitation on the Kerala-Karnataka border , Mr. Siraj said . OPEN