A series of more than 20 attacks across Iraq killed 52 people and wounded over 250 on Saturday and Sunday , security and medical officials said , with targets including security forces and markets . The latest violence brings the number of people killed in attacks so far this month to 82 , according to an AFP tally based on security and medical sources . Car bomb explodes In the deadliest attack on Sunday , two car bombs exploded in a market near the shrine of Imam Ali al-Sharqi in south Iraq , a security official said . Dr Ali al-Alaa , a Maysan province health department official , said the blasts killed 14 people and wounded 60 . Before midnight on Saturday gunmen opened fire on an Iraqi army checkpoint near Balad north of Baghdad and shortly later a roadside bomb exploded when additional soldiers arrived . Eleven soldiers , including two officers , were killed and eight others wounded , an army colonel and a medical source at Balad hospital said . Escalating violence A police captain was also shot dead on Saturday night in the town of Garma , security and medical officials said . Early Sunday morning a car bomb exploded in a car park at the rear gate of the state-owned North Oil Company , about 15 kilometres from the northern city of Kirkuk , killing seven people and wounding 17 others , police and Dr Othman Abdul Rahman said . The victims were seeking to join a force that guards oil facilities , a police officer said . The North Oil Company is responsible for oil exports from northern Iraq . In Kirkuk itself , two bombings killed three people and wounded 70 others , police and Dr Mohammed Abdullah said . Huge damage The blasts left body parts strewn in the streets , destroyed cars , and damaged government buildings , an AFP correspondent said . The streets were deserted after the attacks . A car bomb seriously wounded six soldiers west of Kirkuk , according to army Captain Taha Khalaf , while another in Hawija , also west of the city , wounded two people , security and medical sources said . Volatile , oil-rich Kirkuk province is part of a swathe of disputed territory in northern Iraq that the autonomous Kurdistan region wants to incorporate against Baghdad 's wishes . Three car bombs exploded in Taji , north of Baghdad , killing one person and wounding at least seven others , an interior ministry official said and a medical source said.AFP OPEN