Manas Dasgupta . . A repeat of Mehrauli incident . . AHMEDABAD : Two people were killed and 16 injured , three of them critically , in a bomb blast in the minority-dominated Tuka Bazar at Modasa town in Gujarats Sabarkantha district on Monday night . . . The police said it was almost a re-enactment of Saturdays bomb blast at Mehrauli in Delhi . As at Mehrauli , two persons riding a motorbike through the Tuka Bazar a market full of eating houses where members of the minority community gathered after breaking the days Roza dropped a bag outside a restaurant around 9.30 p.m. . A resident , Jainuddin , picked up the bag and just as he was checking its contents , the bomb exploded , killing him on the spot . Ayub Ghori , who was injured , died in hospital . . . The police cordoned off the area and were investigating the identity of the motorbike riders . . . In the morning , 17 low-intensity crude bombs were recovered from the Kot-ni-Rang area at Kalupur in the old city of Ahmedabad . A bomb squad defused them . . . An official of the squad said the bombs with shrapnel and other discarded materials were designed to create panic , not to cause grievous injuries . The bombs were kept in small tins in a bucket , which was left in a dustbin . . . Centre monitoring situation . . PTI reports : . . The Union Home Ministry is closely monitoring the situation arising out of an explosion at Modasa . Home Secretary Madhukar Gupta was in touch with senior officials of the Gujarat government and police authorities there , a Home Ministry spokesperson said . . . The Ministry appealed to the people to maintain calm and guard against rumours . . . 2 killed in Malegaon hotel blast . . In Maharashtra , two people were killed and 35 injured in a blast in a hotel in the Bhikhu Chowk area of the communally sensitive , powerloom town of Malegaon on Monday night . . . Eight others , including six policemen , were injured in stone throwing resorted to by a mob after the explosion , the police said . The mob also damaged the jeep of the sub-divisional-magistrate , the police said . The police fired in the air to disperse the mob .