: Even as officials of the National Investigation Agency -LRB- NIA -RRB- started their probe into the accidental blast in Bardhaman district of West Bengal , political slugfest over the investigation continued here on Saturday with the All India Trinamool Congress -LRB- AITC -RRB- attributing a political motive to the probe . . . Stating that the West Bengal government had sent its report a day after the blast -LRB- October 2 -RRB- , AITC secretary general Partha Chatterjee said that the probe was ordered only a few days ago . . . The States ruling party has opposed the probe by the NIA , but the Union Home Ministry directed the investigating agency to investigate the matter , which lodged an FIR on Friday . . . Meanwhile , a team of officials from the National Investigation Agency -LRB- NIA -RRB- visited the accidental blast site at Khargragarh in the Bardhaman district and collected evidence and photographs from the site . The officials later met the district superintendent of police , SHM Mirza . . . The NIA also approached a West Bengal court seeking the custody of the accused arrested in the case as well as transfer of the case to a court in Kolkata , an official said . . . Four persons have been arrested in the blast , including two women . Two persons , who died in the blasts , have links to Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen of Bangladesh , those investigating the blasts have said . . . Accusing the Centre of failing to check cross border infiltration Mr. Chatterjee , who is also a Minister in the AITC government , said that the Centre was entrusted the responsibility with deploying BSF at the border . . . People are randomly crossing the border , making bombs here and selling them . Who are these people ? ... Why is the State government being blamed for security lapses in the border ? It is the Centres responsibility to deploy BSF personnel at the border , Mr. Chatterjee told media persons and sought answers from the Centre regarding this . . . Bharatiya Janata Party -LRB- BJP -RRB- leader Shamik Bhattacharya said that instead of blaming the Centre the ruling party should take a closer look of who are those creating problems along the border . . . The AITC needs to check some of the checkpoints at the border and know who are operating from there . The AITC leaders are surely aware of this and the party needs to check the involvement of its own members regarding this , Mr. Bhattacharya said .