AHMEDABAD/MUMBAI : Navi Mumbai , generally dismissed as the bedroom suburb of Mumbai , has suddenly become the focus of anti-terror operations . After the India Mujahideen threat email was traced to Sanpada in Navi Mumbai , it now transpires that all the four cars converted into bombs-on-wheels were stolen from Mumbai 's twin city.The cars , all of them of Maruti make , are believed to have travelled from Navi Mumbai to Ahmedabad with a stopover in Vadodara , where they were loaded with explosives . Two of these cars blew up in public hospitals in Ahmedabad on Saturday.Three WagonRs and one Maruti 800 , stolen from Navi Mumbai on July 7 and July 15 , made their way to Ahmedabad through Surat and Vadodara , where the deadly incendiary material for the bombs was loaded . Investigations by the Ahmedabad crime branch reveal that their passage on fake Vadodara registration numbers were recorded at toll booths in Maharashtra and on the Ahmedabad-Vadodara expressway.LPG cylinders packed in cars for maximum damageSources in Ahmedabad said that while one WagonR and a Maruti 800 headed for Ahmedabad , two WagonRs probably returned to Surat these are the ones which were found in Puna Gaam and Varachha areas of Surat on Sunday , fully loaded with explosive material including ammonium nitrate , ball bearings and timers . In Ahmedabad , sleuths who attempted a reconstruction of the car bomb in the civil hospital , suspect that the car which blew up at 8pm was brought in one hour before it exploded.The reconstruction on Monday also indicated that the boot of this WagonR had a CNG tank . The free space in the boot was packed with ammonium nitrate in between three 5kg LPG cylinders . The second blast at this hospital , which happened after a short interval , was probably the explosion of an LPG gas cylinder , said a senior police officer.From the way the car has been damaged , it is also believed that the LPG cylinders were placed on their sides , horizontally , beside the bomb . All the gas cylinders were uncorked and kept slightly leaking.The Maruti 800 that exploded at LG Hospital , another site where the injured were streaming in on Saturday , did not claim any human lives as it lacked intensity having only one LPG bottle packed in its small boot . Police sources in Mumbai say there are several inter-state car theft syndicates that steal vehicles based on orders given by ` clients ' . The Mumbai crime branch had recently busted an inter-state racket where they had even arrested seven persons , including DMK corporator Palaniswami alias Ramaswami -LRB- 49 -RRB- from Salem in TN .