Other States - Assam 5 killed , 58 injured in serial blasts . . By Sushanta Talukdar . . GUWAHATI , AUG. 26 . Five persons , including a minor girl , were killed and 51 injured in a series of bomb blasts triggered by the outlawed United Liberation Front of Asom in different parts of the State since last night . . . Condemning the attacks , the Assam Chief Minister , Tarun Gogoi , today accused the militant outfit of ` declaring a war against the people of the State ' and called for coordinated action by the northeastern States to tackle insurgent violence in the region . . . Mr. Gogoi underlined the need for adopting a district-specific strategy by police and the administration to thwart the ULFA ` game-plan ' of targeting civilians and other soft targets . He said the district authorities had been asked to involve people in keeping a strict vigil on the outfit 's activities . . . Red alert sounded . . The State Government has sounded a red alert and asked all district authorities to implement special security measures following a warning by intelligence agencies that the ULFA would resort to more indiscriminate bomb attacks in a bid to divert the people 's attention from the Dhemaji blast that claimed 13 lives including school children . . . The militant outfit today triggered two separate blasts , the first in a bus at Gossaigaon in Kokrajhar district in which one person was killed and 37 were injured and the other in a bus carrying BSF personnel and their families from Tura to Guwahati railway station . . . BSF men killed . . The second blast took place near a culvert in Goalpara district in which the driver , Head Constable R.V.S. Yadav , an Assistant Sub-Inspector of BSF , A.R. Khan , and a six-year-old daughter of another BSF constable , were killed . . . Last night , ULFA militants lobbed a grenade on a cinema hall in Dibrugarh district , injuring nine persons . One of them died at the hospital today . Another blast occurred on a railway track in Kokrajhar district . There were no reports of any casualty . The incident took place at about 8.15 p.m. between Fakirgram and Chautara railway stations just after a goods train crossed the site . . . Sixth blast . . Seven persons were injured when ULFA militants triggered two more blasts one at Guwahati and another at Tangla in Darrang district tonight . . . Mr. Sharma told The Hindu that seven persons were injured at Tangla when suspected ULFA militants lobbed a grenade on a group of people around 7 p.m. . An hour later , an explosive suspected to have been planted by the outfit went off at a railway track a few yards away from the Noonmati refinery here . There was , however , no casualty .