The National Investigation Agency Special Court here on Saturday denied bail to Swami Aseemanand alias Nabh Kumar Sarkar , one of the prime accused in the 2007 Ajmer dargah blast case , observing that the charges against him were serious in nature and that he was arraigned in at least three other cases of bomb explosions . NIA Special Judge Chandra Narain Mathur extended Aseemanand 's judicial custody till May 14 , when the case against him and his alleged accomplice Bharat Riteshwar comes up for further hearing . However , the judge , in his eight-page order , did not express any opinion on the merits of the case . Seeking bail , Aseemanand 's counsel J. S. Rana cited Section 167 ( 2 ) of the Criminal Procedure Code , which says a person can not be kept in custody for more than 90 days without a charge sheet being filed . No hasty probe ' NIA counsel Arjun Ambala , opposing the bail application , said that since the matter involved national security , investigation into the crime as well as the conspiracy behind it could not be done hastily . The judge said since Aseemanand was allegedly involved also in the conspiracy for carrying out blasts in the Malegaon mosque , Hyderabad 's Mecca Masjid and on the Samjhauta Express train , he could not be given the advantage of bail at this stage . This is a case of very serious nature . The court said the Ajmer Chief Judicial Magistrate , before whom the case had been pending before it was transferred to the designated NIA Judge here , could not indefinitely extend the judicial custody of an accused facing this kind of charge . Under the NIA Act , an order in a case assigned to the Special Court can be passed by that court alone . The case was transferred in the last week of April following a notification issued for designating the CBI Special Court to hear the cases under the NIA Act as well . The NIA , which took over the probe into the dargah blast from the Anti-Terrorism Squad of the Rajasthan Police on April 6 , has already chargesheeted two other accused Harshad Solanki and Mukesh Wasani , now lodged in the Jaipur Central Jail . No order yet on time extension The court is yet to pass an order on an NIA application seeking extension of time for filing the charge sheet against Aseemanand to a maximum of 180 days from the day of arrest on the ground that a case under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act , 1967 , has also been registered against him . The deadline for charge sheet against Bharat Riteshwar was extended earlier this week . Though the CBI arrested the 59-year-old Aseemanand from Haridwar , Uttarakhand , in November 2010 , he was arrested in the Ajmer dargah blast case only in January this year after his confession about the conspiracy . The October 11 , 2007 explosion at the dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti left three persons dead and 17 injured . OPEN