Deportation of suspected Indian Mujahideen ( IM ) operative Fasih Mehmood from Saudi Arabia for his alleged involvement in the bomb blasts at Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bangalore and Jama Masjid in New Delhi in 2010 has given a ray of hope to investigating agencies , including the National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) , for bringing back some of the terror-linked cases accused who had infiltrated into that country . Official sources told The Hindu on Thursday that at least three Kearlites K.P. Mohammed Sabir , alias Ayub ; P.P. Yoosaf ; and Mohammed Ashar ; wanted in various crimes , including terrorism , had been held up in Saudi Arabia . Their names also figured in the 150-odd list of most wanted by India notified by the Interpol . Sabir , 27 , hailing from Kannur , was a close associate of Tahawwur Hussein Rana , the main perpetrator behind the Mumbai terror attack , and was reportedly behind establishing a link between the Lashkar-e-Taiba ( LeT ) and Indian Mujahideen operatives in the country . Along with C.A.M. Basheer , a former State president of Students Islamic Movement of India , Sabir had allegedly recruited youths from the Sta te for waging war in Kashmir . Intelligence sources said that Sabir fled to Bangladesh when investigators confirmed his role in terror-linked cases ; soon he shifted to Dubai and finally sought a safe haven in Saudi Arabia . He had reportedly obtained a passport from the Kochi Passport Office under a fictitious name sometime in 2003 . Apart from the recruiting youths for LeT , Sabir was also allegedly involved in plotting to murder former Chief Minister E.K. Nayanar and planting a bomb at the Coimbatore Press Club , the sources said . Mohammed Ashar , 27 , and P.P. Yoosaf , 27 , hailing from Thaliparamba and Thalassery respectively , are absconding accused in the twin blast cases that rocked Kozhikode city in March 3 , 2006 . The NIA Special Court in Kochi had already given the verdict in the case . Another Keralites name figured in Interpol list was that of Mannuparambail Abdul Majeed , 53 , hailing from Malappuram is an accused in cases of counterfeiting , forgery , and fraud in and outside the State . Investigators said that a few of the absconding accused in the case of chopping the palm of T.J. Joseph , teacher at the Newman College in Thodupuzha were hiding in Saudi Arabia . The Union Ministry of Home is also examining whether Syed Zabiuddin Ansari , a key handler in the Mumbai attack , had established sleeper modules in Saudi Arabia to connect with suspected fundamentalist outfits in the State . Ansari , who was deported from Saudi Arabia early this year , was suspected to be involved with many including Sabir , in the Kashmir recruitment case . Among others recently deported from Saudi Arabia is A. Rayees , an alleged associate of suspected LeT operatives , including Thadiyanatavide Nazir and Sarfaraz Nawaz . Nazir was awarded life imprisonment in the Kozhikode twin-blast case . He was also an accused in the Bangalore serial blast . Nazir was picked up by the police from Bangladesh , while Nawaz , a fund-raiser for LeT operations in India , was nabbed by a RAW team in Oman . Fasih Mehmood allegedly involved in Bangalore , Delhi blastsAt least 3 Keralite terror suspects held up in Saudi Arabia Fasih Mehmood allegedly involved in Bangalore , Delhi blasts At least 3 Keralite terror suspects held up in Saudi Arabia OPEN