: A day after serial blasts rocked the Mahabodhi temple complex in Bihars Gaya district , the National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) on Monday interrogated one person detained in connection with the incident . A team of the central agency arrived in Gaya to investigate the case . Based on a bag found in the temple premises , the police detained Vinod Mistri , resident of the Barachatti block in Gaya . Vinod was picked up based on certain information . His photo identity card was found in the temple premises , Abhayanand , Director General of Police , told reporters here . Deputy Inspector General of Police Nayyar Hasnain Khan told The Hindu that Vinod is a carpenter who made small furniture . The bag found contained a monks robe , a piece of paper with some mobile numbers , medical papers and a voter identity card belonging to Vinod . He is not a monk . So the NIA is investigating why he was carrying the robe , a police source told The Hindu . The mobile numbers on the papers , sources told The Hindu , were traced to Delhi and some calls were made between 1 a.m. and 4 a.m. on Sunday , just hours before the bombs went off . The link with these numbers is being investigated . In addition , the NIA is also probing nearly 48 hours or roughly 48 GB of CCTV footage gathered from 16 cameras installed in the temple . One of these cameras has not been functioning for some time . The blurred footage showing the movement of people inside the temple has provided some clues , a police official said . We are examining and monitoring the footage . There is no clear indication yet , Deputy Inspector General of Police Nayyar Hasnain Khan told The Hindu . Meanwhile , investigators have confirmed that ammonium nitrate , timers and gas cylinders were used in the blasts . Vague traces of TNT ( trinitrotoluene ) and RDX were found , but there is no confirmation on whether these substances were used in the explosives . The samples collected from the blast site have been sent for forensic examination . About 21/2 kg gas cylinders were used in nearly all the blasts . RDX traces are possible , but nothing is confirmed yet , Mr. Abhayanand said . On Monday , the police found another exploded bomb further away from the temple , taking the total number of bombs to 13 10 exploded and three defused . Splinters of the latest bomb were found in the Baiju Bigha area , about 1.10 kilometres from the temple , the DGP said . Investigators have found three pieces of text , carrying brief markers of the location of the bombs , on chits pasted on the cylinders . The chits were recovered from the three live bombs , which were later defused . OPEN