Agencies probing the Dilsukhnagar blasts continued their efforts to get a breakthrough , even as the National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) brought Syed Maqbool and Imran Khan , two alleged operatives of Indian Mujahideen from Tihar jail to Hyderabad on Friday . The two were being questioned at an undisclosed location in connection with the February 21 blasts that claimed 16 lives and injured 117 people . Maqbool and Khan were among the four members arrested by the Special Cell of Delhi Police in October 2011 in connection with Pune blasts . The two were said to have admitted to conducting a recce of Begum Bazar , Dilsukhnagar , Ranigunj , Tank Bund and Abids to carry out terror attacks at the behest of IM commander Riyaz Bhatkal , who operates from Pakistan . Based on their confession , the Central intelligence agencies alerted the Andhra Pradesh police about the possible terror strikes by IM . While pursuing different leads in the Dilsukhnagar blasts case , the NIA investigating into different cases of terror attacks in the country decided to question the two as they were accused of conducting a recce in Hyderabad . We hope to get some leads about the persons responsible for the attack during their interrogation , a police officer said . He , however , was disinclined to comment on reports that alleged IM operatives Tabrez and Wakas , who were still at large , planted and detonated the improvised explosive devices at Dilsukhnagar . Detonators found Meanwhile , the Afzalgunj police on Friday found 10 detonators near a coconut tree in the garden on the premises of Mahatma Gandhi Bus Station in Imliban . A worker found the detonators strapped with a wire . Checks continue The massive security exercise , launched by the Hyderabad police in the backdrop of the terror attack at Dilsukhnagar , continued in different parts of the city on Friday . Twenty teams , comprising policemen and bomb detection squads , conducted anti-sabotage checks at several religious places , prayer halls , commercial complexes , malls and theatres , East Zone DCP R. Jaya Laxmi said . The two are being questioned at an undisclosed location in connection with the February 21 blasts OPEN