The National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) filed a charge-sheet here on Monday against Swami Aseemanand , a key figure in the Hindutva terror network , and seven others in connection with the 2007 Ajmer Dargah blast case . The accused named in the charge-sheet included RSS activist Sunil Joshi who was murdered in mysterious circumstances in Madhya Pradesh . The charge-sheet , submitted to the court of CBI Special Judge C. N. Mathur who has been designated to hear the NIA cases in Rajasthan , stated that Aseemanand was the mastermind behind the explosion that left three persons dead at the Dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti in Ajmer on October 11 , 2007 . Aseemanand and co-accused Lokesh Sharma are at present in judicial custody in a jail at Ambala in Haryana . Both of them were produced in a special court in Panchkula on Monday for in-camera proceedings relating to the Samjhauta Express blast case of 2007 in which 68 people , mostly Pakistanis , had died . The investigation in the Ajmer case was handed over to the NIA on April 6 while it was earlier being carried out by the Anti-Terrorism Squad ( ATS ) of Rajasthan Police . The NIA has already charge-sheeted five other accused in the case . After the premier investigating agency started the probe afresh , Ajmer 's Chief Judicial Magistrate had on April 19 allowed it to file the charge-sheet within 180 days following the expiry of the mandatory 90-day period after the arrest as laid down in the Criminal Procedure Code . The accused lodged in the Central Jail here were not produced in the court on Monday as all of them are in judicial custody till July 20 . Special Judge Mr. Mathur had earlier upheld the Ajmer CJM 's order permitting the NIA to file the charge-sheet within the 180-day period which is due to expire this Wednesday . Besides Aseemanand and slain activist Sunil Joshi , other accused referred to in the charge-sheet are Bharat Bhai , Sandeep Dange , Ramji Kalasangra , Bhavesh Patel , Suresh and Mehul . The five accused charge-sheeted by the NIA in the case earlier are Harshad Solanki , Mukesh Vasani , Devendra Gupta , Lokesh Sharma and Chandrashekhar Leve . The charges against all the accused have been levelled under various sections of Indian Penal Code as well as the Unlawful Activities ( Prevention ) Act , 1967 . The CBI had arrested 59-year-old Aseemanand from Haridwar in Uttarakhand last November . He was arrested in the Dargah blast case in January this year after he confessed to having taken part in the conspiracy for carrying out blasts at different places of worship across the country . In addition to the bombings at the Ajmer Dargah and in Samjhauta Express , Aseemanand and his alleged accomplices also face charges of masterminding and carrying out terror attacks on Hyderabad 's Mecca Masjid and the Malegaon mosque in Maharashtra . OPEN