In a development which has left the government and investigating agencies red-faced , one of the most wanted fugitives ' on the list given by India to Pakistan has been found to be living in Thane , near Mumbai , a stone 's throw from a police station . Wazhul Kamar Khan , an accused in the 2003 Mulund blast case , says he does not know why his name figures on the fugitives list . Probe into lapses The police are now inquiring into the lapses . IB -LSB- the Intelligence Bureau -RSB- and RAW -LSB- the Research and Analysis Wing -RSB- collect information directly and send it to the Centre . They do n't ask the Mumbai police . There is a need to inquire who passed on the information to these agencies whether it was the State police or the Central agencies themselves , top sources toldThe Hindu . Another top source said : The information that Khan was out on bail and was in Mumbai was given to the IB . There seems to be a possible miscommunication between the IB and the Ministry of Home Affairs . Asked whether there was any mistake in the identity or lack of communication about the accused , the Mumbai police refused to comment . We do n't want to talk about it . All I can tell you is , no comments , Rajkumar Vhatkar , Mumbai Deputy Commissioner of Police ( Operations ) , said . The ATS , which arrested him last year , said it was not looking into the case . Wazhul Kamar Khan was wanted by the Crime Branch for the Mulund blast case . Last year , we got information about him and arrested him after finding a weapon in his person . We booked him under the Arms Act . After his custody for the Arms Act case got over , we handed him over to the Crime Branch , ATS chief Rakesh Maria said . But the list of accused put up by the Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI ) still shows Wazhul as wanted by Interpol . A red-corner notice issued against him in 2004 can still be found on the CBI website . Accused in four terror-related cases Wazhul has been named an accused in four terror-related cases : the Mumbai Central blast in 2002 and the Mulund , Vile Parle and Ghatkopar II blasts , all in 2003 . I was arrested last year in May by the ATS . I got bail in August 2010 . Since then , I am staying here with my family . I have not broken any bail condition , he said . On December 6 , 2002 , a bomb went off in a McDonald 's outlet at Mumbai Central and injured 25 persons . On January 27 , 2003 , one person was killed and 28 were injured in a blast near the Vile Parle station . On March 13 , 2003 , a bomb exploded in the ladies ' first-class coach of the local train at Mulund station , killing 11 persons and injuring 82 . In the second Ghatkopar blast on July 28 , 2003 , four were dead and 32 injured after a bomb exploded in a BEST bus . When the list -LSB- of 50 most wanted fugitives -RSB- was released by the government , I came to know that my name was there . But what could I have done ? I am an ordinary person . You people in the media would know better why my name appeared on the list , he said . Soon after the news of Wazhul residing in Thane spread , the Thane police took him away , he said . They took me with them to keep me away from the media . They did not impose any restriction on me . First , they took me to the Vartaknagar station . From there , they took me to the Shree Nagar station . They recorded my statement on where I was for so many days , what I have been doing , he said . Asked why he was kept away from the media , he said : Madam , it is a question about two countries . It is an important case . Maybe , that is why they did not want me to speak to the media . The case is going on in the court . A huge mistake His children said they were shocked to learn about it . His daughter said the family felt very bad , but we have stood united . The government has made a huge mistake . A life can be ruined because of it . Mr. Khan 's elder sister Saeeda Khatum said : These are all wrong allegations . We are native of Uttar Pradesh . We have never gone to Pakistan . Wazhul was born in Mumbai . He studied in English medium till Standard IX . He did zari ' work at Dharavi . OPEN