A special court here on Tuesday framed charges against two of the accused Shahbaz Ahmed and Mohammed Sarvar in the May 2008 Jaipur serial blasts case , holding them responsible for planning and executing at least three of the nine blasts and working for banned outfits such as Indian Mujahideen and Students ' Islamic Movement of India ( SIMI ) . The nine serial blasts which ripped through the Walled City here on May 13 , 2008 , had killed 70 people and injured 186 others . The special court , constituted here after the Supreme Court 's directions for speedy trial in terror cases , charged both the accused under various Sections of Indian Penal Code , Explosives Act and the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act . Special Judge R. C. Girdhari read out charges to the accused in the presence of their lawyers and posted the case for further hearing on May 26 , when the much-awaited trial in the terror case would begin and the initial set of witnesses would be summoned to the court for recording of evidence . In the identical charges framed against them , both Shahbaz and Sarvar have been accused under Sections 302 ( murder ) , 307 ( attempt to murder ) , 324 ( causing hurt by dangerous weapons ) , 326 ( causing grievous hurt ) , 427 ( mischief ) , 121-A ( conspiracy for waging war against government ) , 124-A ( sedition ) , 153-A ( promoting enmity between groups ) , 120-B ( criminal conspiracy ) of I.P.C. and the relevant sections of the two other Acts . Though the special court was established at the Bani Park District Courts Complex here in December 2009 and a presiding officer appointed to it , it did not function for several months for want of infrastructure and staff . Framing of charges , which is the first stage in the protracted trial , has been carried out just three days before the horrific incident completes three years on May 13 . While Shahbaz and Sarvar have been lodged in judicial custody since September 2008 and February 2009 , respectively , the Anti-Terrorism Squad ( ATS ) of Rajasthan Police has obtained arrest warrants against several others with the claim that they are absconding . Some of the other accused face charges of involvement in the bomb blasts in Delhi and Ahmedabad as well . Shahbaz , picked up from his computer and career consultancy centre in the posh Aminabad locality in Lucknow , was consistently referred to as the mastermind of serial blasts in Jaipur and elsewhere till the controversial Batla House encounter took place in Delhi on September 29 , 2008 , and some alleged Indian Mujahideen operatives were arrested in Mumbai and Pune . The ATS , which claimed to have cracked the Jaipur blasts case after arresting 34-year-old Shahbaz , has been tight-lipped ever since the police forces of other States apprehended some other youths on charges of planning , conspiring and executing the terror attacks in Jaipur and in five other States . The ATS had claimed that Shahbaz sent a terror e-mail to media houses immediately after the blasts . Twenty-six-year-old Sarvar of Chandpatti in Azamgarh , arrested in January 2009 , completed his B.Tech . from Integral University in Lucknow and had got a job in Indore . His name reportedly emerged during the interrogation of Mohammed Saif who was arrested from the L-18 flat of Jamia Nagar where the September 2008 encounter took place under mysterious circumstances . The ATS claimed that the young engineer had bought bicycles used in the powerful explosions , conducted a recce and planted bomb at one of the nine blast sites . His technical knowledge was cited as a proof of his ability to put together the complicated circuit of bombs and trigger the blasts . Another accused in the case , Saif-ur-Rehman from Azamgarh who was also arraigned on the basis of Mohammed Saif 's interrogation , has since been shifted to Ahmedabad to face charges in the July 2008 blasts case there . Yet another accused Mohammed Salman , who has been discharged in the Delhi blast case , has not been brought before the special court here as yet . Jaipur Chief Metropolitan Magistrate has ordered appointment of a medical board for deciding his age , as his counsel has argued that he was a minor when the blasts took place and his case should be heard in the juvenile court . The voluminous charge-sheets against Shahbaz and Sarvar , running into hundreds of pages , contain documents such as post-mortem reports of the 70 victims of serial blasts , injury reports , X-ray reports and photographs of destruction caused by the powerful explosions . The prosecution has provided a list of 72 witnesses to the court for recording of evidence . Significantly , the Congress-led Government in the State has not changed the Investigating Officer in the case and accepted without demur the brief given by the previous Bharatiya Janata Party regime . Civil rights groups here have been questioning the government claim of having cracked the serial blasts case . Emboldened by the claims of Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot and Union Home Minister P. Chidambaram about success in solving the blasts case , the officials at the Central Jail here have allegedly assaulted the accused lodged in judicial custody several times . In one of such instances in September 2009 , two jail officials were suspended and the Jailor was shunted out . OPEN