A Supreme Court Bench hearing Abdul Nasir Maudany 's bail plea was on Wednesday divided , with Justice Markandey Katju favouring the grant of bail , and his counterpart , Justice Gyan Sudha Misra , disagreeing with his view . The Bench , after elaborate arguments from senior counsel Shanti Bhushan , appearing for Mr. Maudany , an accused in the Bangalore bomb blast case , and senior counsel T.R. Andhyarujina , appearing for Karnataka , requested Chief Justice of India S.H. Kapadia to post the matter before another Bench , preferably before the court closes for the summer vacation on May 13 . Mr. Bhushan pleaded for granting Mr. Maudany bail on medical grounds as he was suffering from several ailments . He asserted that there was no evidence against him and that he had been falsely implicated on the basis of some statements given by the co-accused before the police , and which was not admissible as evidence . He alleged that the State government due to political and communal reasons had implicated Mr. Maudany as he was a powerful political and social leader of the Muslim community . Mr. Andhyarujina , however , said there were enough materials to show the involvement of Mr. Maudany not only in the conspiracy but also in the blasts that occurred in Bangalore , Ahmedabad and other parts of the country . He said the other accused had clearly stated the role played by Mr. Maudany , which was reflected by the telephone calls he made to the other accused before and after the bomb blasts . His release on bail would pose a serious threat to national security as he was part of the jihadi ' element , having connections with banned outfits like Lashkar-e-Taiba ( LeT ) and the Students Islamic Movement of India , he said . Justice Katju said there was no material to implicate Mr. Maudany and that he could be granted bail . He cited the instance of the Supreme Court releasing Dr. Binayak Sen on bail , though the trial court and the High Court took a different view . Justice Katju said that since the police were not scientifically trained to deal with serious crimes , they had a tendency to falsely implicate innocent persons . Stating that no comparison could be drawn with Dr. Sen 's case , Mr. Andhyarujina said : Please do no have that analogy . The case of Binayak Sen is different . We are all proud of that decision . This case is different . The man -LSB- Maudany -RSB- has been accused of killing over 100 people . You can not have a comparison like that . Justice Gyan Sudha did not accept the contention of Mr. Bhushan and said : If your argument that police ca n't arrest persons on the basis of statements made by a co-accused to the police , then no arrests could be made till trial was over and the person was convicted . We better change the Cr . P.C that no person be arrested and put in jail until he or she is convicted . You have to satisfy the conscience of this court that he is innocent despite sufficient material to prove his involvement in the blast . You have not shown even one material to show that he is innocent . Since there was difference of opinion between the two Judges , the matter has been referred to the CJI for posting the case before another Bench . OPEN