A suspected accomplice of four alleged Indian Mujahideen operatives , who were arrested on August 1 in connection with the Pune serial blasts , has been nabbed by the Delhi Police in Hyderabad . He allegedly taught the operatives how to configure improvised explosive devices . The police said that during interrogation Asad Khan , Imran Khan , Sayed Feroz and Landge Irfan Mustafa disclosed the name of Sayed Maqbool , along with whom they had , it was alleged , planned to target the Buddhist shrines at Bodh Gaya in Bihar in retaliation for atrocities committed on members of their community in Myanmar . The accused had planned the attacks at the instance of the outfits founder brothers Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal , the police said . On Tuesday , Maqbool was arrested in Hyderabad where he had been hiding to evade arrest , said a senior police officer . According to the police , Maqbool was earlier arrested in a Nizamabad murder case and on conviction he remained in jail from 2000 till October 2009 . While in jail , he became friends with a person known to Imran . Through the common friend , Maqbool allegedly met Imran , who introduced him to Asad and Irfan . Maqbool taught them how to make a bomb using urea , diesel and firecracker powder at Asads farmhouse in Aurangabad . In April , Imran introduced Maqbool to the Bhatkal brothers . Before the Pune serial blasts , Maqbool , Irfan , Imran and Asad had discussed the plan to carry out a fidayeen attack on the Bodh Gaya shrines . Since the Bhatkals wanted to avenge the death of Qateel Siddiqui , they decided to first carry out bomb blasts in Pune , said the officer . About four months ago , Maqbool also helped Imran in conducting a reconnaissance , on a motorcycle , of Dilkhush Nagar and a major commercial centre in Hyderabad . This was done on the instruction of Riyaz Bhatkal , said the officer . In 1999 , Maqbool was instrumental in the setting up of terror outfit Indian Muslim Mohammadin Mujahidin along with Azam Gauri of Warangal in Andhra Pradesh , who was killed in a police encounter in 2000 , and Roshan Baig . They operated posing as social reformists with an objective of fighting the dowry system , corruption and screening of pornographic films . Azam Gauri taught Maqbool how to prepare IEDs so that they could trigger blasts at theatres screening pornographic films , the officer said . According to police records , Maqbool along with the others was involved in the 2000 bomb blasts at a hotel in Hyderabad City , at a theatre in Nanded , Maharashtra , and at another theatre in Secunderabad , and in a blast in the Nanded house of Azam Gauri while configuring a bomb in 1998 . OPEN