The Tamil Nadu police along with their Karnataka counterpart have launched an intensive probe to unearth an explosives consignment allegedly delivered by Kichan Buhari , one of the prime suspects arrested in the Malleswaram blast case , to a couple of his associates , police sources said on Wednesday . Sleuths of the Special Investigation Division , tracking suspects involved in the murder of Bharatiya Janata Party state general secretary Auditor Ramesh in Salem and Hindu Munnani State secretary S. Vellaiyappan in Vellore , apprehended one Bilal Hussain near Tirunelveli . His involvement is suspected in the seizure of 17 kg of explosives concealed in a locked house in Melappalayam . On interrogation , Bilal revealed that he along with Thasim and Ismail met Buhari in the Bangalore prison recently and came to know that the latter had delivered a consignment of 40 kg explosives to some associates in Chennai and Coimbatore . Buhari was arrested in Madurai on April 23 this year . A portion of the consignment was used in the Vellore murder . The gangs motive behind keeping the stock of explosives is not clear . Forensic analysis indicates the same substance was used in pipe bombs planted under a culvert in the plot to blow up the convoy of BJP leader L.K. Advani , a police official said . While the source and supply network of the explosives was under investigation , police were trying to check whether it matched with the bombs triggered at Malleswaram in Bangalore . At least four suspects , including Police Fakruddin , seem to have the expertise in handling and making explosives . We are working in close coordination with the Bangalore police in this case . A joint search is on to locate the consignment of explosives , he said . Hussain was produced in a Tirunelveli court and remanded in judicial custody . Prime suspect in Malleswaram blast delivered it to aidesConsignment portion used for murder of Vellaiyappan Prime suspect in Malleswaram blast delivered it to aides Consignment portion used for murder of Vellaiyappan OPEN