The ruling Trinamool Congress in West Bengal has come under fire for alleged involvement in anti-national activities after an explosion killed two people in Burdwan on Thursday . The CPM and the BJP say the police destroyed evidence before the National Investigation Team ( NIA ) could reach the spot . The building where the blast took place - located in Khagragarh area - is owned by a former state government employee who is allegedly a Trinamool supporter . Some Trinamool flags were found stacked in one of the rooms on the ground floor . At one time , the Trinamool had also allegedly used a room in the house as an office . `` A bomb blast took place inside the home of a TMC leader . In that house people of Indian Mujahideen were living . Some substance exploded and after which it was told that NIA should be informed . But NIA was informed 24 hours later . The material which could have been used as the evidence was destroyed in river ... Mamata Banerjee should tell that if that home belongs to a TMC leader or not ? Why did your SP of Burdwan destroy the evidence ? '' BJP leader Siddharth Nath Singh asked in Delhi . CPM leader Sitaram Yechuri said , `` The track record of state police in recent years does not augur well . Central government should interfere and act against the guilty . '' The Trinamool , denying any links with the blast , claimed the BJP and CPM were conspiring to disturb peace in the state at a sensitive time - the end of the Durga Pujas and the eve of Eid . `` The comments by Biman Bose and the BJP are totally insensitive . The timing too is devious , especially at this juncture when Durga idols are still being immersed and the holy festival of Eid is to be held tomorrow , '' said Mukul Roy , Trinamool General Secretary . The owner of the house where the blast occurred has been detained for questioning . Two women who lived as tenants there have been arrested . Meanwhile , in Kolkata this evening , principal secretary , home , Basudeb Banerjee , denied any RDX or Al Qaeda posters had been found at the blast site . He also denied reports about lack of cooperation between the state police and central agencies investigating the incident . OPEN