May 19 : The Mecca Masjid blast has thrown up a Bengal link . . . Andhra Pradesh police today said the SIM cards of the cellphones used as remote-controlled detonators were bought in Calcutta . The subscriber named in the purchase is believed to be the leader of a Bangladesh-based militant group whose cadre move in and out of Bengal at will . . . Three bombs had been planted but only one went off because the SIM cards of the mobiles attached to the other two had expired just a day earlier , a police officer said . . . One bomb exploded when a call was made to one of the phones . But the other two did not take the call because their SIM cards which were prepaid Hutch cards had been de-activated . The SIM cards hold vital clues . . . The police said the SIM cards are in the name of Shaheed Bilal , chief of the Harkat-ul Jehadi Islami , who is also believed to be in charge of the Pakistan-based Jaish-e-Mohammeds operations in south India . . . Bilal , believed to be in Saudi Arabia , is a suspect in the Samjhauta Express attack last February and the March 2006 Varanasi temple blast . . . The Mecca Masjid toll was today revised to 16 . Chief minister Y.S Rajasekhar Reddy said 11 died in the blast and five in the police firing on protesters . Reddy apologised to the families of the firing victims . I apologise . The police should have been more patient , he said . . . A mob returning from a victims burial threw stones at the police in todays only violent act , injuring two personnel and prompting the force to fire tear gas shells and shoot in the air . . . Reddy said his government had withdrawn the Rapid Action Force from Mecca Masjid and stopped video-graphing worshippers because Muslims were feeling insulted . . . He said all places of worship with resources should follow the Tirupati model of security , which includes CCTVs . The state cabinet cleared a proposal to appoint volunteers at every shrine to identify suspicious objects another feature of Tirupati . . . An intelligence source said the bombs must have been planted by a local helper of Harkat or Jaish , probably a sympathiser of Deendar Anjuman or the Students Islamic Movement of India . . . Harkat operatives are based mostly in Bangladesh , from where they enter India through the porous North 24-Parganas and Malda borders and carry out strikes , a Bengal intelligence source said . One of them may have bought the SIM cards . . . Industry experts in Calcutta said its possible to track subscriber details such as the calls made , their duration and destination thanks to the unique number on each SIM card . The handsets , thanks to their IMEI number , can also help , a source said . . . But only people above a certain rank , such as the police commissioner and state home secretary , can ask for such information . . . To get a SIM card , a customer must provide photo identity proof ( such as passport or drivers licence ) , proof of address ( such as a phone or electricity bill ) and a passport-size photograph . Physical verification is a must . . . But the telecom department admitted a few months ago that connections were being given without proper verification and had asked operators to do a reverification of subscribers within March 31 this year . . . A Hutch official would only say that the service provider would continue to cooperate with the police .