NEW DELHI , March 7 -- Bombs exploded in a crowded Hindu temple and a railway station in the holy city of Varanasi on Tuesday evening , killing at least 15 people and raising fears of retaliatory violence against India 's minority Muslim population . Authorities appealed for calm and police officers in major cities were placed on high alert . . . Even before the blasts , communal tensions had been rising in India . Angry Muslim protests against President Bush , who visited India last week , as well as against cartoons of the prophet Muhammad , first published in a Danish newspaper , have erupted into violence in several cities . . . The first blast Tuesday ripped through the Sankat Mochan temple shortly after 6 p.m. as Hindu devotees gathered to make offerings to the monkey god Hanuman , Indian news agencies reported . Among the dead was a bridegroom who had come to seek the deity 's blessings , according to the Press Trust of India news service . Tuesday evening is the traditional time for visiting the temple . . . The second explosion came minutes later at the railway station . The blast left a foot-deep crater , shattered windows and splattered the station with blood and body parts , the Press Trust reported . Four more unexploded bombs were found at another site next to the Ganges River . . . In an interview with the Reuters news agency , Navneet Sikera , senior superintendent of police in Varanasi , put the death toll at 15 , with 60 injured . The Press Trust said 20 people had died , including 14 at the train station . [ Five people died overnight of injuries , according to a police official cited by the Associated Press . ) . . Indian television footage of the bombed temple showed pools of blood and chunks of flesh amid scattered shoes and other debris . Injured survivors were carried to private vehicles and ambulances , and crowds of angry men waved their fists in the air . Many of the injured were said to be in critical condition . . . Situated in the state of Uttar Pradesh about 400 miles east of New Delhi , the historic , densely packed city of Varanasi is sometimes called the `` Hindu Jerusalem '' to underscore its significance to the followers of India 's dominant faith , who make up about 81 percent of the population . The city is a magnet for pilgrims who travel there for ritual baths in the Ganges River . And the most religious Hindus believe there is no better place to die than Varanasi , whose waterfront is lined with cremation grounds . . . Authorities feared the bombings of such a sensitive site could trigger communal bloodletting . In 2002 , reports of a Muslim attack on a train carrying Hindu nationalists in the state of Gujarat triggered rioting that left more than 1,000 people dead . Most of the dead in that episode were Muslims , who make up about 13 percent of India 's billion-plus people . . . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh `` has appealed for peace and calm , '' said his media adviser , Sanjay Baru . `` He is constantly monitoring the situation . '' . . Interior minister Shivraj Patil was en route to Varanasi Tuesday night , as was Sonia Gandhi , leader of the Congress party , which heads the country 's governing coalition . . . Spokesmen for the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party , which leads the opposition , blamed the bombings on what they said was the government 's lax attitude toward terrorism , and called for a strike in Uttar Pradesh on Wednesday . . . One key unanswered question Tuesday night was whether the bombings were the work of homegrown Islamic extremists or militant groups based in Pakistan . In the past , the Pakistani government has used such groups as a weapon in its conflict with India over the divided Himalayan province of Kashmir . . . In late 2001 , an attack on India 's Parliament that India blamed on Pakistan triggered a military standoff that raised fears of a nuclear exchange . The crisis was defused only under heavy U.S. and British diplomatic pressure . . . India and Pakistan embarked on peace negotiations that have lowered tensions , but Indian officials have continued to express skepticism over claims by Gen. Pervez Musharraf , Pakistan 's president , that he has ended state support for militant groups . Indian authorities have identified the militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba , which is based in Pakistan , as a primary suspect in the bombings of two New Delhi markets that killed 60 people Oct. 29 . Musharraf has banned the group , although it continues to operate under a different name . . . Some analysts saw a possible connection between the bombings and Hindu-Muslim clashes in the city of Lucknow on Friday that left four people dead . The clashes grew out of Muslim protests against Bush . Communal clashes also erupted in the coastal state of Goa . . . .