MALEGAON/AHMEDABAD : Two crude bombs hit Malegaon in Maharashtra , killing 7 and injuring 30 , and Modasa in Sabarkantha district of Gujarat killing one and injuring ten . -LRB- Watch -RRB- The pattern of attack mirrored the one last Saturday in Mehrauli in Delhi . In both the cases , youth on motorcycles threw a plastic bag containing the low-grade explosives.Bike blasts near SIMIs Malegaon office kill 7Two mysterious blasts in the Bhikku Chowk area of Malegaon killed seven people on Monday night and injured 30 others . The wounded were rushed to the nearby Noor Hospital and Faran Hospital . Two of the wounded were reportedly injured when police opened fire to disperse a mob . Three policemen were also reportedly hurt . -LRB- Watch -RRB- Curfew was imposed in the eastern part of communally-sensitive powerloom town of Malegaon after the blast and stone-pelting by a mob . The location where the blasts took place also happens to be outside the building where the banned SIMI had its office . It is opposite Nisar Dairy and Bhikku Hotel . A Hero Honda motorbike , which was parked at the blast site , was completely mangled . While senior police officers said they were cylinder blasts , angry local residents insisted that bombs had been set off.Additional SP -LRB- Malegaon -RRB- Sanjay Patil said that the explosions took place on a motorcycle . ` Soon a huge mob gathered and they pelted stones at the police . We fired five rounds in retaliation . A huge crowd gathered and prevented the police from entering the area . There is tension and we have summoned additional forces . The exact number of injured people can not be quantified now , but the mob attacked us brutally , ' a police officer said.Four companies of the State Reserve Police have been deployed . Malegaon sub-divisional magistrate Ajay More said the situation was tense . ` Three policemen , including an IPS probationer Viresh Prabhu , are injured . Prabhu was hit by a stone and has a big gash on his head . We have admitted the policemen to Wadia Hospital , ' he said.While some police blamed cylinders for the blasts , other officials said the pattern was similar to the recent Delhi blasts , where two unknown persons came on a motorcyle and flung a bomb in the crowded Mehrauli market.The Malegaon blasts took place at around 9.30 pm when a Ramzan special prayer was being offered in all mosques across the town . This is the second time that Malegaon has been hit by blasts . Earlier , on September 8 , 2006 , four bombs had been planted on cycles and went off in the textile town , killing 31 and injuring 297 others . Nine SIMI suspects had been arrested for the 2006 blasts.Residents of Malegaon alleged that Mondays blasts were a conspiracy to disturb the law and order situation two days prior to Eid . ' I saw people running helter-skelter on the road and youths were taking the injured to the hospital , ' said Khaleel Ahmed who stays in the vicinity.Thousands of women were shopping at the time of the blasts . Bhikku Chowk is located between three mosques . The SIMI office , which is located on the first floor of a building , was functional till the outfit was banned on October 24 , 2001 . Bhikku Chowk also houses around six tea stalls.A team of forensic experts from Nashik were reaching Malegaon to gather evidence from the blast site . An Anti-Terrorism Squad team had also reached Malegaon and have started investigations , said ATS chief Hemant Karkare . . . Bike bomb hits Gujarat too , teen killed Blast-scarred Gujarat was jolted just days before Navratri on Monday when a bomb went off in Modasa town of Sabarkantha district in north Gujarat , leaving a 17-year-old boy dead and more than ten injured . The incident occurred hours after the recovery of 17 crude bombs in Ahmedabad 's Kalupur area.Police said a bomb left in a motorcycle in a crowded market went off around 9.30 pm , killing Zainuddin Ghori . ` An electronic gadget was found from the site . Forensic experts have been called in to ascertain whether it was a timer device and what sort of explosive substance was used , ' said Sabarkantha district collector M Thennarasan . ` One person was killed and ten injured in the blast that took place at Suka bazaar . Police reinforcements have been rushed to the spot . The injured are being shifted to hospital , ' he added.The area was immediately plunged into darkness , triggering panic among shoppers thronging the area before Id and nearby residents . ` It is Ramzan and Suka bazaar is usually bustling at this time . Some seven bikes were parked near a closed shop . One of them had a bag close to its petrol tank . This exploded . The bike was blown to bits , ' said eyewitness Razzak Khan.Some other eyewitnesses said two persons were seen parking the Splendor bike -LRB- GJ 9R 2896 -RRB- there .