Reporters who rushed to the blast site in front of Mallya Hospital on the day of serial blasts on July 25 were in for a surprise . There were , thankfully , no deaths and injuries and the place where the blast had occurred looked like a place would after bursting an ane pataki . . . The police , however , were still a harassed lot . With everyone stopping to take a peek at the blast site inside the traffic island , there were vehicles parked all around and there was major chaos . . . One particular woman constable was finding it tough to tell presspersons from non-press persons with everyone claiming to be newspaperwallahs to get a closer look at the place . . . When this correspondent tried to find her way through the crowd , the policewoman knit her brows and said with suspicion writ large on face : But you neither have a camera nor a notepad . . . She was in the mood for looking for clues , shall we say ? It would have made more sense to ask for an identity card if she was indeed serious about finding the right clues . . . Citizens are so used to elusive government officials that they never miss an opportunity to meet the babus . . . The Bangalore Development Authority -LRB- BDA -RRB- had announced that a grievance meeting would be organised on Saturday to redress citizens problems related to site allotment and land acquisition . But following Fridays serial blasts in the city , the BDA cancelled its meet . . . Though the cancellation was publicised in the media , more than a hundred people turned up at the BDA head office with complaints , undeterred by the bombs . BDA officials , who were not prepared for the meeting , had to hastily make arrangements . The Commissioner , H. Siddaiah , and several top officials heard as many as 80 grievances . . . Water is scarce resource and every possible effort should be made to conserve and use it efficiently . The United Nations Development Programme hosted its 2nd Annual Forum of the Water Community to discuss issues concerned water , sanitation and governance . A gentleman at the programme was showing slides of where women were rushing to fill their pots from a water tanker . He said that while he was working in Delhi , water was supplied to him at Rs . 2 a kilolitre and people were paying more than 50 times the price for the same quantity of water . . . But the irony was that the 25 to 30 tables had five half-litre plastic bottles of mineral water on each table when there is a debate world over about expensive packaging of water in plastic . . . BAGESHREE S. , . . AFSHAN YASMEEN , YOGARAJ S. MOUDALGI .