By Our Special Correspondent NEW DELHI , DEC. 26 . Senior Home Ministry officials as well as sources within the Intelligence Bureau declared themselves fully satisfied over the nabbing of the Red Fort `` attackers '' this morning . `` It was an excellent operation , '' a senior IB official said . This sense of satisfaction was shared by top officials of the Vajpayee administration , and the information about the `` success '' was conveyed to the Prime Minister before he left on a holiday . Mr. Vajpayee was reportedly unhappy that the attackers were allowed to escape ; today , it was a very satisfied security establishment that told him that the score had been settled . There were , obviously , red faces after the Red Fort incident . Defence Ministry officials were at the receiving end of a lot of snide remarks . But today 's `` success '' is being bandied about as the re-affirmation of the soundness of the basic security structure . It is believed that the Prime Minister was also briefed about latest developments in the car-bomb blast near the 15 Corps Headquarters in Srinagar . Security experts are still at a loss to figure out why such a large amount of explosives were placed in the car . According to available information , the culprits involved in the attack on Red Fort could have been apprehended within 24 hours of the attack , but a `` mechanical failure '' caused the loss of a crucial one hour , delaying the operation . The police were able to pin these characters down only after telephonic intercepts could be decoded . Senior intelligence officers were confident about the identity of the killed Lashkar-e-Taiba militant . Nor is there any doubt about the involvement of a Pakistani `` operative '' , who was running a cyber cafe in the area . Nonetheless , these incidents have not come as a surprise , and sources within the Vajpayee administration suggest that various outfits in Islamabad would be disappointed if they thought India could be so easily provoked into reconsidering the ceasefire strategy . The officials dismissed as `` a lot of hot air '' the threats issued by militant outfits in Srinagar that they could strike at the Prime Minister 's Office or residence . . . By Our Special Correspondent . . NEW DELHI , DEC. 26 . Senior Home Ministry officials as well as sources within the Intelligence Bureau declared themselves fully satisfied over the nabbing of the Red Fort `` attackers '' this morning . `` It was an excellent operation , '' a senior IB official said . . . This sense of satisfaction was shared by top officials of the Vajpayee administration , and the information about the `` success '' was conveyed to the Prime Minister before he left on a holiday . Mr. Vajpayee was reportedly unhappy that the attackers were allowed to escape ; today , it was a very satisfied security establishment that told him that the score had been settled . . . There were , obviously , red faces after the Red Fort incident . Defence Ministry officials were at the receiving end of a lot of snide remarks . But today 's `` success '' is being bandied about as the re-affirmation of the soundness of the basic security structure . . . It is believed that the Prime Minister was also briefed about latest developments in the car-bomb blast near the 15 Corps Headquarters in Srinagar . Security experts are still at a loss to figure out why such a large amount of explosives were placed in the car . . . According to available information , the culprits involved in the attack on Red Fort could have been apprehended within 24 hours of the attack , but a `` mechanical failure '' caused the loss of a crucial one hour , delaying the operation . The police were able to pin these characters down only after telephonic intercepts could be decoded . . . Senior intelligence officers were confident about the identity of the killed Lashkar-e-Taiba militant . Nor is there any doubt about the involvement of a Pakistani `` operative '' , who was running a cyber cafe in the area . . . Nonetheless , these incidents have not come as a surprise , and sources within the Vajpayee administration suggest that various outfits in Islamabad would be disappointed if they thought India could be so easily provoked into reconsidering the ceasefire strategy . . . The officials dismissed as `` a lot of hot air '' the threats issued by militant outfits in Srinagar that they could strike at the Prime Minister 's Office or residence .