BHOPAL/AHMEDABAD : The Madhya Pradesh Anti-Terror Squad late on Sunday night arrested Qayamuddin Kapadia , a top-ranking jehadi belonging to the outlawed SIMI and a key conspirator and executor of the 19 serial blasts in Ahmedabad which killed 57 and injured over 200 on July 26 . Police claimed that Kapadia admitted his involvement in the Ahmedabad blasts , as also that he along with fellow jehadis , Abdul Subhan Qureshi alias Tauqeer of Mumbai and Riaz Bhatkal of Karnataka , collaborated with the SIMI cell led by Atif to carry out the Delhi blasts.Atif was later killed in an encounter with Delhi Police . Kapadia aka KP , who knew Atif only by the latters code name , boarded the Rajdhani Express for Delhi from Ahmedabad just before the explosives they had planted in Gujarats biggest city went off.He even stayed in the L-18 apartment , Atifs hideout in New Delhis Batla House , after the Ahmedabad blasts . After the blasts in Ahmedabad , Kapadia had spent a few nights at Batla House , chief of Madhya Pradesh ATS , DIG Pawan Shrivastava told TOI . He was also spotted in Delhi before the serial blasts on September 13 . The arrest after a massive manhunt is important for several reasons . It strengthens the governments case against the outlawed SIMI , while validating the assumption of cops that Indian Mujahideen was just a badge that SIMI activists embraced for tactical reasons.While he is sure to recant later , Kapadias statement to cops marks another confirmation of Atif allegedly being a hardcore jehadi rather than a simple student of Jamia Millia as many have continued to maintain . His arrest , besides helping to add valuable inputs to the already thick dossier cops have on the absconding Tauqeer whom he was close to and Bhatkal , also marks a serious blow to SIMI which has , over the past couple of months , seen many of its top operatives falling in the police net.Kapadia has nearly half-a-dozen names . The police registered him as Qayamuddin Kapadia alias Moosa alias Ashwaq alias Abdul Qadir alias Rizwan , a resident of Wadi Taiwada in Vadodara . In Vadodara , he and his brother were running a DTP business and doing well . His father is an imam there , Shrivastava said . He identified all those in the Batla House and accused in the New Delhi blasts . He told us that he knew them personally and was hiding in that flat in Batla House after the Ahmedabad blasts . Kapadia had , in a cold blooded manner , filmed the blast at Civil Hospital in Ahmedabad that day , which saw the maximum casualty of 32 . This clip was later posted in an email by the Indian Mujahideen sent to media houses.He had hand-picked the terror operatives and also helped procure the cycles used to plant bombs . On Monday morning , MP police informed Ahmedabad crime branch about Kapadias arrest , whose team under assistant commissioner of police , R I Asari rushed to get his custody.In the aftermath of the serial blasts in Ahmedabad , Gujarat police had issued warrant against Kapadia and the other absconders to all police stations across the country . Kapadia is also suspected to have played a role in planting the 29 bombs in Surat.Joint commissioner of police , crime branch , Ashish Bhatia said , This is a very important arrest for us . Kapadia is not only part of the terror conspiracy , along with Tauqeer , but also the executioner of the terror plan for Ahmedabad and Surat.Kapadia had escaped during the MP police crackdown on a SIMI hideout when 13 SIMI activists including Safdar Nagori were arrested . Kapadia has been attached to the SIMI for five years . Police added that he is a high-school graduate .