MUMBAI : Chaos reigned in Opera House , the hub of Mumbai 's diamond trade , as mediapersons and onlookers jostled to catch a view of the destruction wreaked by an improvised explosive device , which ripped through a crowded lane just outside Prasad Chambers and Panchratna Building , workplaces of 5,000-6 ,000 diamond merchants , brokers , cutters and polishers of precious stones . . . The police cordoned off the area which is packed with small eateries with a bomb squad collecting forensic evidence for clues into the type of explosive used . Most offices in the area were shut when the blast took place , five minutes before seven in the evening , as diamond traders normally leave for home at sundown . . . However , some who congregated to grab a bite at the roadside stalls were seriously injured by the blast impact , which brought down a heavy name board of a Jumbo Vada Pav stall that had earlier served as a police chowki . `` Information at first sight suggests 25-30 people have been seriously injured by the blast at Opera House , '' said Arup Patnaik , Mumbai 's police commissioner , who was at the site shortly after the blast . . . `` Preliminary investigation indicates this could be the handiwork of a terrorist outfit though our investigation will ascertain who was responsible . Our effort will be to bring the guilty to book . A team from the National Security Guard is on its way and we have sounded a red alert across Mumbai . '' . . However , the commissioner 's presence seemed to have done little to soothe the frayed nerves of those who witnessed the blast . `` Despite repeated warnings by a few traders , the business community chose to ignore the possibility of a bomb blast here , '' said Hardik Hundia , a diamond expert who heard the explosion from his office near Pancharatna . . . Asked whether the blast would compel diamond merchants to shift to the recentlyopened Bharat Diamond Bourse in the Bandra-Kurla Complex , Hundia said : `` There are around 5,000-6 ,000 traders here and only half a dozen have moved from here so far ... more than shifting out , the police should prevent illegal parking by twowheelers and diamond traders should push for setting up of a chowki here . '' . . Sanjay Kothari , vice-chairman of Gems & Jewellery Export Promotion Council , said though the blasts had created a psychosis of fear among businessmen , `` it would be business as usual tomorrow . We ca n't stop working ... if we do , we 'll be playing into the hands of terrorists responsible for this blast . '' .