. . The Bangalore serial blasts case has been cracked . . . . . Seven months after the terrorists attack on the city , the Anti Terrorist Cell hasrevealed that the serial blasts of July 25 , 2008 , were carried out by associates of key Lashkar-e-Tayiba operative Riaz Bhatkal , who continues to remain elusive.Investigating agencies havein their custody nine persons , including a father-son duo . The four men in the custody of the police are Mohammad Sami , Safrudeen , his father Abdul Sattar , Munaaf , Zakaria Abdul Jaleel , Muhammad Faizal , Mujeeb and Badaruddin . Eight of the arrested men hail from different parts of Kerala while Sami hails from Bijapur in north Karnataka . . . ATC sources told rediff.com that all the arrested persons are associated with Bhatkal and Tauqeer alias Abdul Subhan -- the techie who is considered to be instrumental in setting up the tech wing of the Students Islamic Movement of India . Explaining the manner in which the blasts were carried out , the ATC said that these men from Kerala had planted the bombs by disguising themselves as labourers . Addressing a press conference in Bangalore on Saturday , Police Commissioner Shankar Bidri told media persons that the intention was create havoc and also a sensation . These youth are misguided and belong to a terror module in Kerala , he added.How the plot was revealed : The entire plot was unveiled following the statements of Abdul Sattar , whose custody the Bangalore police got from Hyderabad . Sattar was arrested by Hyderabad Police on January 19 . The custody of the rest of the accused was sought from the Kerala Police.During the interrogation , it was revealed that all the accused belonged to a terror module run by the Lashkar in Kerala . Sattar , who is an electronics engineer , said he had expertise in preparing bombs . It was he who fitted the bombs with the timer devices , which were finally used in the Bangalore blasts . Bhatkal and Tauqeer ordered the module to carry out the blasts . Sattar was told to send his son and others to Bangalore to plant the bombs . The accused reached Bangalore in a Scorpio vehicle . They then disguised themselves as labourers and planted nine bombs in different places . One person was killed in the blasts.Sattar also confirmed the statement given by Sami , who had earlier said that Tauqueer had played a major role in the blasts . Tauqueer was present in Bangalore at the time of the blasts and supervised the operation , he also said . .