The United States has imposed sanctions on four Pakistan-based terrorists including a Lashkar-e-Toiba operative accused in the 2007 Samjhauta blasts and 2006 Mumbai train bombings , freezing their assets and travel in the US . . . Arif Qasmani , chief coordinator and fundraiser for the Lashkar , and three others Ameen Al-Peshawari , Yahya Mujahid and Nasir Javaid ca n't enter into financial transactions in the US , or with a US national . . . The US action came two days after the four men were banned by the UN under Resolution 1267 , also known as the Al Qaeda and Taliban Sanctions Committee . The UN ban makes it obligatory for all member nations to freeze funds and assets of proscribed individuals and impose a ban on their travel . . . `` The designated individuals have provided direct support to Al Qaeda and LeT and ... facilitated terrorist attacks , including the July 2006 train bombing in Mumbai , '' said a statement from the US Treasury Department . . . Qasmani is known to have links with Dawood Ibrahim , one of India 's most wanted criminals now based in Pakistan . The statement said part of the money he received from Dawood was used to finance the train bombings in which close to 200 people were killed . . . Qasmani is also said to have provided financial and other support to Al Qaeda leaders , facilitated their movement in and out of Afghanistan , and provided them with weapons and supplies . In return , Al Qaeda provided Qasmani with operatives to support the Mumbai bombings and the Samjhauta attack , the statement said . . . Yahya Mujahid is Lashkar 's main spokesperson , and the group 's media contact . He issued statements on behalf of Lashkar after the Parliament attack in 2001 and last year 's terror strikes in Mumbai . . . Nasir Javaid is an LeT commander who also trains its cadres . . . Ameen Al-Peshawari has recruited fighters and suicide bombers for Al Qaeda , and raised funds and acquired equipment for militants in Afghanistan , the statement said . . . ... contd .