Notwithstanding the reported involvement of banned terror outfit Indian Mujahideen -LRB- IM -RRB- in the Varanasi bomb blast , and the name of a medico , Shahnawaz , surfacing as the probable mastermind , the Uttar Pradesh government on Wednesday said that no breakthrough had been made so far . . . Tuesday 's powerful explosion at the Shitla Ghat on the banks of the Ganga during the aarti ceremony killed a child and injured 38 people . . . ADG -LRB- Law and Order -RRB- Brij Lal admitted here that the blast was a terrorist attack . Although the forensic experts , Special Task Force and the Anti-Terrorism Squad have been pressed into service , as of now no headway has been made in the case , Mr. Lal said , adding that investigations were under way . . . The State 's security agencies and bomb experts seemed to be groping in the dark about the nature of the explosive device , and about whether a bomb had indeed been planted . . . No circuit , battery , remote device , shrapnel , or pellets have been found by the investigating agencies at the blast site , Mr. Lal told journalists , adding that the remnants collected from the site had been sent for chemical analysis . . . He said the injuries to people were caused by chips from stones that were ripped apart , not from shrapnels . . . He denied that a live bomb had been recovered from near the blast site on Tuesday . . . Email traced . . Asked about the email in which the IM reportedly claimed responsibility for the blast , Mr. Lal said it was intercepted by the ATS . The mail was traced to the wifi system of one Mithilesh Thakkar , who resides in Navi Mumbai . Mr. Thakkar works as a branch manager in Reliance and has an unsecured Airtel broadband connection without a password , which made access easy . . . Of the 38 people injured in the blast , five are foreign nationals three Italians , a German , and a South Korean . While 21 of the injured have been admitted to the Sir Sunderlal Hospital in Banaras Hindu University , 12 are at the Shiv Prasad Gupta Hospital in Kabir Chaura in Varanasi . . . The others have been admitted to the Heritage Hospital and Singh Medical and Research Centre . . . Two-year-old Swastika Sharma died during treatment at Sir Sunderlal Hospital . . . Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Mayawati , who visited Varanasi late on Tuesday night , inspected the blast site and announced a compensation of Rs .1 lakh for the next of kin of the deceased , Rs .50,000 each for the seriously injured , and Rs .25,000 each for those with minor injuries . . . A terrorist act : Left . . Sandeep Dikshit writes from New Delhi : . . The Left parties on Wednesday condemned the Varanasi blast , with the Communist Party of India -LRB- Marxist -RRB- terming it a terrorist act . . . In a statement , the CPI -LRB- M -RRB- Polit Bureau said the claim made by the so-called Indian Mujahideen showed that extremist elements were still attempting to disturb the country 's social fabric and communal amity through such senseless acts of violence . . . The party called on all secular forces to isolate the communal forces that had become the breeding grounds for extremist violence . It was essential to firmly combat -LSB- extremist -RSB- groups -LSB- both Hindu and Muslim -RSB- indulging in terrorism . . . The Communist Party of India -LRB- CPI -RRB- said the blast was a senseless , shameful act which was intended to attack secularism and create hatred among people . . . Making the same point as the CPI -LRB- M -RRB- about the involvement of extremists belonging to both communities in previous bomb blasts , it wanted them to be dealt with determination and asked the people to be vigilant against terrorist and communal activities . . . The party also demanded ex gratia payment to those affected by the blast . . . The U.S. and Germany have condemned the blasts . . . U.S. Ambassador Timothy Roemer said he was saddened by the blast in a city well known for tolerance and acceptance of religious diversity . . . Deputy Head of the German Embassy Christian-Matthias Schlaga met Union Home Secretary G.K. Pillai and expressed his country 's condolences and condemned the act .