The Delhi Police on Thursday claimed to have cracked the August 1 serial blasts in Pune by arresting three suspected militants of the Indian Mujahideen -LRB- IM -RRB- . The police said they were planning to carry out a similar operation in the Capital during the coming festival season and another at a famous temple in Bihar . While raw materials for configuring improvised explosive devices -LRB- IED -RRB- were purportedly seized from them , the police are now on the lookout for some more members of the module . . . At a press conference , Delhi Police Commissioner Neeraj Kumar said the Special Cell had smashed the IM module behind the Pune blasts , which were masterminded by alleged outfit founder-brothers Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal to avenge the killing of suspected IM member Qateel Siddique in Punes Yerwada Jail by two other jail inmates on June 8 . . . The police chief said the vital lead came from Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal , one of the alleged handlers of the 26/11 Mumbai attack terrorists deported from Saudi Arabia in June . . . Jundal disclosed that plans were afoot to target major Indian cities . He was in touch with the Lashkar-e-Taiba militant Fayyaz Qagzi from Beed in Maharashtra who is now in a west Asian country . Mr. Qagzi was coordinating with Riyaz and Iqbal of Indian Mujahideen , now in Pakistan , to carry out the strikes , said Mr. Kumar . . . The police claim they identified the IM module hideout at Pul Prahladpur in South Delhi from where Asad Khan -LRB- 33 -RRB- , a resident of Aurangabad , and Imran Khan -LRB- 31 -RRB- , a resident of Nanded in Maharashtra , were arrested on September 26 . . . The accused disclosed that they had come here at the instance of Mr. Qagzi and the Bhatkal brothers , with the objective of triggering blasts at crowded places . The suspects were first received at the Nehru Place in South Delhi by a conduit codenamed Raju Bhai , who had taken the Pul Prahladpur house on rent and made arrangements for their long stay . . . The accused disclosed that they , along with other members , were involved in the Pune blasts . One of them , identified as Sayed Feroz -LRB- 38 -RRB- from Pune , was then arrested at the Nizamuddin railway station on October 1 , said Mr. Kumar . . . The trio purportedly disclosed that the module first planned to plant a bomb at the Yerwada Jail or the city court premises or target relatives of the two jail inmates who had allegedly killed Mr. Siddique . Heavy police presence at the jail and court premises , coupled with their failure to identify the inmates relatives , led them to weigh the possibility of carrying out a strike in Mumbai or Pune . . . As instructed , the suspects met at Asads tour and travel office in Aurangabad in July , following which Mr. Feroz took a flat on rent at Kasarwadi in Pune . Two other suspects joined them later . . . They brought explosives and electronic items for assembling IEDs from an electrical/electronic market in Budhwarpeth , Pune . They also bought digital watches and circuit boards , while ball bearings were brought by Imran from Nanded . The accused conducted reconnaissance of certain places in Mumbai , but the Bhatkal brothers later fixed it for Pun . . . The module finally identified the citys busy Junglee Maharaj Road , and on the fateful day , the accused bought three bicycles , parked them at a stand close to a bus-stand and in the evening , planted half-a-dozen IEDs along the road before vanishing from the scene . . . Mr. Feroz owns a garment shop named Options in the busy Mominpura area of Pune , where he also stays with his family . While his house was found locked , neighbours refused to speak but confirmed that he stayed with his wife and four children . . . His business partner Mohsin said Mr. Feroz was in the city till September-end . We met him about 10-12 days ago . After that he has not been in town , he said . Mohsin said he had known Mr. Feroz for the last three years , and had not suspected anything about him till date . It is a shock for all of us to see that he has been arrested . Maybe , his wife and kids have left the house as journalists started coming in , he said adding that Mr. Feroz usually travelled to source the material from other cities but this time he did not know why he went out of Pune . . . -LRB- With inputs from Amruta Byatnal from Pune -RRB- .