Continued terrorist attacks against India sponsored by Pakistan can not coexist with bilateral talks , the Bhartiya Janata Party said on Sunday . . . Even before the Saturdays blast in Pune , the party had opposed the resumption of talks , arguing that Islamabad had failed to keep its promise of dismantling the terrorist infrastructure in the Pakistan occupied Kashmir -LRB- PoK -RRB- in the joint statement of January 2004 . . . The partys core group met on Sunday to review the situation . Immediately afterwards , Leader of Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said the government must reconsider resuming the Foreign Secretary-level dialogue , scheduled to start on February 25 . Not holding talks was a legitimate diplomatic option , he said . . . Unfortunate . . BJP president Nitin Gadkari described the Pune blast as an unfortunate incident . . . At a function where he came straight after presiding over the core committee meeting , Mr. Gadkari said he and Leader of the Opposition in the Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj would go to Pune and meet the victims . . . Ms. Swaraj was to be felicitated by the BJP womens wing for her election as the Leader of the Opposition , but she did not attend the function , as it would not be proper to celebrate after the attack . . . Mr. Jaitley warned the government of falling into a trap and contemplating adventurist steps such as allowing Kashmiri youth to return from PoK where they attended terrorist camps . In a statement , he said : The BJP urges the government to reconsider both these steps : allowing persons from PoK to return and resuming the dialogue with Pakistan . Terror and talks can not coexist . . . The core committee felt that targeting the German Bakery in the neighbourhood of a synagogue and a Jewish Chabad House was aimed at creating an international impact . . . Mr. Jaitley said the Pune blast was a grim reminder of the fragility of the countrys security . The government must introspect whether our intelligence gathering and our response to it were adequate . He wondered how and why the German Bakery , visited by American David Headley , who is known to have visited Mumbai several times before 26/11 to work out details for Pakistani terror outfits , was not better protected .