The Bihar Police failed to prevent Sunday 's serial blasts in and around Bodh Gaya 's Mahabodhi Temple , a World Heritage Site 115 km south of Patna , but the terrorists who planted a dozen improvised explosive devices ( IEDs ) all over the complex were no better . Nine of the devices , described as low-intensity bombs , went off across the complex but the casualty list had only two injured on it.That 's because the blasts were triggered on a Sunday , a day when the complex has very few visitors and the Tergar Monastery in the complex has no classes . The terrorists apparently miscalculated . Today being Sunday , fewer believers were present . We are extremely lucky to have escaped with minor injuries to two devotees . The terrorists had planned to inflict maximum damage , said one senior police officer on condition of anonymity . The police are also examining why the terrorists used low intensity time bombs to trigger the blasts . The bombs were low-intensity but not crude , said an IPS officer.The three bombs that failed to explode at the Tergar Monastery classroom , Royal Residency hotel and 80-foot Buddha statue were later defused . The one that failed to explode at Tergar Monastery , home to 200 apprentice monks from Tibet , Nepal and the Indian states of Arunachal Pradesh , Assam and Uttar Pradesh , is the reason behind minimum damage . The kids at Tergar Monastery wake up every morning at 5 am , and after a 30-minute prayer session settle down for classes by 6 am-when the first bomb placed behind the classroom wall went off . The blast damaged the window and classroom doors , besides breaking the glass panes but it did not cause any casualty because there were no classes being held . A second cylinder bomb placed there did not explode.ExplosivesThe three bombs that did not explode were later defused . The IEDs used in the blasts have been found to have consisted of a small gas container , an explosive detonator device and an analog clock used as a timer . Top police sources said they were sophisticated devices , and set to go off at 5:45 am , the time when most Buddhist believers begin prayers . The investigation , undertaken by multiple agencies right from the local police to the National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) , is still in its initial stages as the police are yet to make any breakthrough . There are 16 closed circuit cameras installed in the Mahabodhi Temple complex ; all of them have captured images that investigators are now going over.Lax securityThe Bodh Gaya blasts have exposed the inadequacies of security system , both at the operational and management level . For instance , the metal detectors fitted at Mahabodhi temple are not calibrated , which render them ineffective and useless to detect explosives . The decision to let the Bodh Gaya Management Committee man security inside the premises is preposterous and immature , says one security expert . In October 2012 , Delhi police had arrested four Indian Mujahideen ( IM ) terrorists responsible for serial blasts in Pune on August 1 , 2012 . Subjected to sustained interrogation , the IM men revealed their game plan of attacking the Mahabodhi temple in Bodh Gaya.The strike was being planned by suspect Syed Maqbool , who was arrested on leads obtained from the other three who were arrested earlier . Sources said the disclosures also revealed that top IM leaders-Imran Bhatkal and Riyaz Bhatkal-who are suspected to be in Pakistan gave the approval to attack Bodh Gaya sometime in July last year . But the plan was put on hold as the group planned a strike in Pune to avenge the mysterious killing of IM suspect Qateel Siddiquie in Pune 's Yerwada jail.In April 2013 , when the National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) released a list of 12 IM terrorists and announced an award of Rs 10 lakh on each of them , it placed Gaya-born Amir Reza Khan alias Parvez alias Rizwan alias Muttaki , a permanent resident of Maheyan village in Mohanpur , Gaya , at sixth in the list.Reza , who is involved in blasts at Bangalore and Hyderabad , is said to have provided pinpoint information about Mahabodhi temple in Bodh Gaya . Specific Intelligence Bureau ( IB ) alerts on the Mahabodhi Temple were provided to the Bihar Police once last year and twice this year . Following these , Gaya Deputy Inspector General of Police Nayyar Hasnain Khan had held a security review meeting on July 3 with senior police and administrative officers , seeking better security at the temple . Within 100 hours , the terrorists triggered a series of blast that rocked the pilgrimage site . It also shook the confidence of the Nitish Kumar government , shaky as it is from its recent acrimonious breakup with the BJP.VengeanceSources said the attack in Bodh Gaya has happened days after Hafiz Saeed , chief of Pakistan 's Jamat-ud-Dawa , accused India of helping Myanmar in carrying out atrocities on Muslims in the country . Bodh Gaya has been on the terror radar over the last one year . Pakistan-based terror groups have been planning terror strikes in retaliation to the Myanmar violence , said a source.Last month the Intelligence Bureau gave specific information about two suspects entering Bihar to carry out a terror strike in the holy town . The suspects were identified as Sarful Rehman and Sahidur Rehman . Both belong to Bihar but have been living in Saudi Arabia and UK . .