Rahi Gaikwad . . Booked under sections of the Explosives Act . . Accused reportedly started Rashtriya Jagran Manch . . The police recovered some mobile phones . . MUMBAI : The Anti-Terrorism Squad -LRB- ATS -RRB- arrested three persons on Thursday in connection with the Malegaon blast of September 29 , ATS chief Hemant Karkare told journalists here on Friday . . . The accused have been identified as Pragnya Singh Chandrapal Singh , 38 , Shiv Narayan Gopal Singh Kalsanghra , 36 , and Shyam Bhawarlal Sahu , 42 . They were produced before the Nashik Chief Judicial Magistrates court , which remanded them to police custody till November 3 . . . The motorcycle used in the blast belonged to Pragnya . All efforts were taken to hide the ownership of the vehicle . The registration number was bogus and they tried to efface the engine and the chassis numbers . . . Pragnya is a sadhvi , who took sanyas in 2007 , after which she took on the alias Poorna Chetananandgiri . Originally from Madhya Pradesh , she shifted to Surat with her family a few years ago . However , she had no fixed location . Since she had chosen the religious path , she toured various places doing bhraman . She founded the Jai Vande Mataram Jan Kalyan Samiti in 2002 . Investigators have recovered pamphlets of this organisation . . . Mr. Karkare said the accused reportedly started the Rashtriya Jagran Manch . The police are probing the links of the Samiti and the Manch to Hindu religious organisations . . . The police also recovered some mobile phones . Sahu was in the mobile business , said Mr. Karkare . He and Kalsanghra are from Indore . . . The accused have been booked under various sections of the Indian Explosives Act and the Unlawful Activities -LRB- Prevention -RRB- Act -LRB- UAPA -RRB- . The Forensic Sciences Laboratory -LRB- FSL -RRB- report had revealed traces of RDX , said Mr. Karkare . . . A bomb attached to a motorcycle ripped through the Bhiku chowk area of Malegaon on September 29 . . . Corrections and Clarifications . . The second paragraph of a report ` Malegaon blast ; three remanded tocustody ' -LRB- October 25 , 2008 -RRB- was ` The accused have been identified as PragnyaSingh Chandrapal Singh , 38 , Shiv Narayan Gopal Singh Kalsanghra , 36 , andShyam Bhawarlal Sahu , 42 . . ' It should have been Pragnya Singh ChandrapalSingh Thakur .