Vinay Kumar . . Centre promises all help to Rajasthan in dealing with the extraordinary situation . . President , Prime Minister , Sonia Gandhi condemn the blasts . . Home Secretary Madhukar Gupta speaks to Rajasthan Chief Secretary . . NEW DELHI : In the wake of the serial blasts in Jaipur on Tuesday , the Union government has put all metros , including the National Capital and two-tier cities , on a nationwide high alert . . . A team of the Union Home Ministry left for Jaipur to assess the situation and undertake a comprehensive security review with the State government . . . Minister of State for Home Sriprakash Jaiswal , while strongly condemning the blasts , said the Centre would provide all possible assistance to the Rajasthan government to carry out investigations and get to the bottom of the deep-rooted conspiracy behind the terror attack . . . Mr. Jaiswal told journalists that it was a well-orchestrated and well-attempted plot to carry out terror strikes in the heart of the pink city . . . A complete security review would be undertaken by the Home Ministry and the government would give a united and strong response to such nefarious designs of terrorists . . . Mr. Jaiswal did not rule out the use of RDX in the Jaipur blasts . He said the casualties could go up as more injured were being rushed to hospitals . . . President Pratibha Patil , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Congress president Sonia Gandhi and Home Minister Shivraj Patil condemned the blasts . Ms. Gandhi described the incidents as a crime against humanity . . . Mr. Patil is on a two-day visit to Meghalaya and Nagaland and he is being informed of the situation . . . Union Home Secretary Madhukar Gupta spoke to the Rajasthan Chief Secretary and is awaiting further details . . . Sources in the internal security and intelligence set-up said Rajasthan was never on the terror radar network and only on Monday was an IPL cricket match played in a city stadium , which saw a large turnout . . . The sources did not rule out the existence of sleeper cells of terrorist outfits such as the Bangladesh-based HuJI , which were waiting to get activated with the help of local sympathisers and supporters and strike in crowded areas , causing a maximum number of casualties . . . Security and intelligence agencies said a squad from the bomb detection unit of the National Security Guard -LRB- NSG -RRB- was rushing to Jaipur to carry out forensic investigations . Some of the bombs were said to have been placed on cycles and packed with shrapnel and some low-intensity explosives , the sources said . . . About seven months ago , the holy city of Ajmer , nearly 120 km from Jaipur , was rocked by a bomb blast and the Dargah of Khwaja Garib Nawaz has since been fortified . Intelligence inputs this time did not indicate the possibility of Jaipur being high on the strike list of terror organisations , the sources said . . . Tight security in Delhi . . Devesh K. Pandey reports : . . In Delhi , Deputy Commissioners of Police were directed to take preventive measures and increase vigilance . Deployment was stepped up at religious places , markets and places of tourist attraction such as the Akshardham temple , India Gate , the Red Fort , the Lotus Temple and the ISKCON temple . . . Policemen were asked to check vehicles entering the city from the neighbouring States , particularly from Rajasthan . . . Police conducted checks at hotels and guesthouses in the Walled City area and some parts of South Delhi . The Delhi Fire Service and hospitals were put on alert and bomb detection squads pressed into action to carry out anti-sabotage checks at vital installations . . . Police personnel posted at railway stations were directed to keep a close watch on suspicious activities . Security at all the metro railway stations was also beefed up . The police , in coordination with the Central Industrial Security Force , reviewed the security arrangements at the Delhi airport . Besides , patrolling was intensified in security sensitive areas . . . If required , we will extend all possible help to our counterparts in Jaipur in conducting investigations into the blasts , said a senior police officer .