The simultaneous bomb blasts that rocked three cities in Uttar Pradesh have angered the people who blame the State as well as the Centre for inaction against terrorist threat . . . Allahabad / Varanasi / Kanpur / Ayodhaya , Nov 24 : The simultaneous bomb blasts that rocked three cities in Uttar Pradesh have angered the people who blame the State as well as the Centre for inaction against terrorist threat . . . In Varanasi , where at least nine people were killed in Friday 's blasts , Bajrang Dal activists took to the street after Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) and Vishwa Hindu Parishad ( VHP ) called for a shutdown in the state . . . The activists forced the shopkeepers to close their shops in the city . . . VHP Chief Ashok Singhal said the attack was the result of Congress-led ruling coalition 's soft attitude towards terrorists . . . `` The reason behind the increase in such incidents is that the Congress-led coalition government at the Centre is rather lax in curbing terrorist activities and has even repealed POTA , '' said Singhal . . . In Allahabad , Samajwadi Party workers halted a train in protest against the state Government and demanded the resignation of Chief Minister Mayawati . . . Union Minister of State for Home Sriprakash Jaiswal , who is in Kanpur , criticised the Uttar Pradesh State Government for not taking the terrorist threat seriously . . . `` This is not the time to resort to politics . We should assuage people 's fears and work towards ensuring that such events are not repeated . As far as the blast is concerned , our central intelligence agency had warned all the states in our country that any crowded place is a potential target of terrorists , '' said Jaiswal . . . But the attacks could n't deter the faith of thousands of devotees who turned out in large numbers on the banks of Ganges River in Varanasi to take a holy dip on the occasion of Kartik Purnima , the full moon day . . . `` Terrorism can never affect the faith of people . History reveals that devout Hindus are always ready to sacrifice their life for their faith , '' said Mridul Mishra , a devotee . . . Similar scenes were visible in Ayodhya , where four people were killed in Friday 's blast . . . `` Security arrangements are very good here . We are not scared at all , '' said Sachidanand Pandey , a devotee . . . Terror struck Uttar Pradesh on Friday when militants triggered near-simultaneous blasts in court premises at Varanasi , Faizabad and Lucknow killing 15 people , four of them lawyers , and injuring over 80 . . . Six bombs - three in Varansi , two in Faizabad and one in Lucknow - some planted on cycles , went off within a span of 15 minutes . . . The blasts came a week after the Uttar Pradesh police along with central security agencies busted a Jaish-e-Mohammed module , which wanted to target Rahul Gandhi . . . addthis_url = location.href ; addthis_title = document.title ; addthis_pub = ` vijaytech ' ; . . a36 ( ) ; . . .