Two days after a powerful explosion claimed 17 lives in the Ragailong gate locality in Imphal , security forces gunned down as many as eight militants said to be members of the Kangleipak Communist Party -LRB- MC -RRB- , the outfit responsible for the act . . . `` At least three encounters took place in the two police districts of Imphal East and Imphal West on Thursday evening , during which eight militants have been killed , '' Imphal East SP Radheshyam Singh told The Indian Express . . . The Manipur Police and Assam Rifles personnel have been carrying out a joint operation to flush out rebels from Imphal city , which itself comes under the jurisdiction of four police districts . While the Army has been in deployment in Manipur and the Armed Forces -LRB- Special Powers -RRB- Act is in force , Imphal city has remained exempt from it for over five years now . . . `` We have also rounded up a number of persons for interrogation . The operations are still on , '' the SP said . . . Five militants were killed in the first encounter that took place in Heingang Heibi in Imphal East district at around 6.30 pm , while two more were killed in another encounter at Maharabi village under Imphal West . Prior to that a militant was shot dead at Baruni village in Imphal East . . . The KCP -LRB- MC -RRB- , one of the several factions of the original KCP founded in 1980 under the leadership of Y Ibohanbi , had earlier claimed responsibility for Tuesday evening 's explosion in Imphal . The outfit claimed that it had detonated the explosion near the gambling den at Ragailong area as part of its campaign against pre-diwali gambling spree in different parts of the state . It said gambling was alien to the state 's culture and had spoilt the social atmosphere especially in the run-up to Diwali every year . . . Security forces have also recovered two M16 rifles , one carbine , one 9mm pistol , one single-barrel gun , one hand grenade , nine detonators , about two kgs of plastic explosives and about 100 bullets from the slain militants .