Sushanta Talukdar . . ULFA hand suspected ; blasts come hours before Chidambarams visit . . ULFA wanted to demonstrate its presence ahead of VIP visit . . NDFB expels its Bangladesh-based leader . . Guwahati : Five persons , including a boy and a woman , were killed and about 50 injured as serial blasts rocked the city on New Years Day . Police see the hand of the United Liberation Front of Asom -LRB- ULFA -RRB- in the blasts , which occurred hours before Union Home Minister P. Chidambaram arrived in the city . . . The first blast occurred at 2.55 p.m. when an improvised explosive device planted in a municipal garbage bin at Birubari went off . This was followed by another blast at 5.30 p.m. at a temporary vegetable market in the Bhutnath locality . A cycle bomb was used here . The third blast occurred at 5.55 p.m. near the Bhangagarh flyover close to a shopping mall along the busy G.S. Road . Fire broke out at the blast site , which was soon doused by fire tenders . Police suspect that the bomb was planted on an electric transformer . . . Bhutnath is on the route Mr. Chidambaram was to have taken from the airport . . . The injured were rushed to the Guwahati Medical College and Hospital -LRB- GMCH -RRB- , the Assam Medical College and Hospital and a private hospital . . . Director-General of Police G.M. Srivastav told The Hindu : We had information that some cadres of the ULFAs 709 battalion have entered the city to trigger blasts and we were hot on their trail . Under pressure in the form of stepped-up security , they dumped one bomb at a garbage bin in Birubari locality . . . The DGP said the ULFA wanted to demonstrate its presence ahead of Mr. Chidambarams visit . . . Thursdays blasts came after the A and C Companies of the ULFAs 28 Battalion declared the formation of the ULFA -LRB- pro-talk -RRB- faction and dropped the demand for Assams sovereignty , and sought political dialogue on their demand for total autonomy for Assam . . . Earlier , Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi , when asked whether a dialogue would be initiated with the two ULFA companies which declared a unilateral ceasefire , told reporters that the cadres of the two pro-talk groups were in camps but the government was not keen on holding talks with one faction and wanted everybody in the outfit to come forward . . . In another development , the National Democratic Front of Boroland -LRB- NDFB -RRB- expelled the outfits Bangladesh-based leader D.R. Nabla for alleged involvement in the October 30 , 2008 serial blasts . In a press statement issued in Kokrajhar , the newly elected president , B. Sungthgra , said the NDFB will not have any sort of link with Mr. Nabla and his accomplices . . . We are shocked and surprised that Mr. D.R. Nabla alias Ranjan Daimary , as per the statement of Ajay Basumatary , who has been recently arrested along with three others in Goalpara district , is proved to be directly involved in a series of bomb blasts in Assam on October 30 where many innocent civilians were brutally killed without any reason . The killing was inhuman and unfortunate which reveals nothing but his love for sadism . He not only committed crimes against humanity but also violated the ceasefire which he himself declared unilaterally on October 8 , 2004 . The act is undoubtedly an act of terrorism and can never be part of revolutionary struggle , the NDFB statement said . . . The expulsion came a day after the ceasefire between the NDFB and the Centre expired . . . PM condemns blasts . . PTI reports from New Delhi : . . Condemning the blasts in Guwahati , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said the government would root out terrorism , taking the recent anti-terror measures to their logical conclusion . . . Matter of concern . . Special Correspondent reports from New Delhi : . . Leader of the Opposition in the Lok Sabha L.K. Advani condemned the blasts and said it was a matter of concern that the explosions occurred shortly before Mr. Chidambaram arrived in the city . . . The BJP leader said it was well-known that there were groups in Bangladesh that were behind terrorist activities in Assam . He expressed the hope that with Sheikh Hasina taking charge , ties between India and Bangladesh would improve .