Devesh K. Pandey . . 24 injured ; police believe it is not linked to the recent serial blasts . . NEW DELHI : Exactly a fortnight after a series of five blasts rocked the Capital , a bomb exploded in the crowded Mehrauli area of South Delhi on Saturday , claiming the lives of a nine-year-old boy and a 60-year-old unidentified man . Nearly two dozen people were injured . . . The police believe that the blast is not linked to the September 13 explosions . However , a red alert has been sounded in the Capital . . . According to eyewitnesses , two men riding a black motorcycle dropped a polythene bag containing the bomb near an electrical goods shop at the Mehrauli Sarai market around 2-15 p.m. Nine-year-old Santosh , who was standing nearby , thought the duo had accidentally dropped the bag and picked it up to return it to the riders when the bomb exploded . . . The impact of the blast was such that Santoshs head was blown off and he was tossed into the air . . . Tilak Raj , who was in the market , said : Soon after the blast , the lane was filled with thick smoke . When it cleared , I saw people lying on the road in blood-splattered clothes writhing in pain . A boy was lying motionless . . . Baldev Khattar , who was at the entrance of his electronic goods shop , was injured , but his nephew , Vikas , escaped unhurt as he was inside . Several other shopkeepers and passers-by were injured . Three of the four shops damaged in the blast belong to the Khattar family , said Jitender , who works in a utensils shop . . . Residents and shopkeepers immediately called up the police and rushed the injured to the All-India Institute of Medical Sciences , Safdarjung Hospital and Fortis Hospital . . . The police soon reached the spot and cordoned off the blast site . . . By then all shopkeepers in the area had downed the shutters and the market was closed . . . Preliminary investigations indicated that the bomb was of a crude nature , very similar to the ones used in the Capital during 1997-98 by a module headed by top Lashkar-e-Taiba militant Abdul Karim Tunda , who is now said to be in Pakistan . While the bomb had a chemical-detonation mechanism , nails were used as splinters . . . Joint Commissioner of Police -LRB- Southern Range -RRB- Ajay Kashyap said the bomb was planted by two motorcycle-borne men who were in their early 30s . . . They were dressed in black jeans and shirts and were wearing helmets . The motorcycle bore a Delhi registration number . . . RELATED LINKS .