Thirteen people were injured , one of them seriously , in two explosions that took place in quick succession inside the historic Jama Masjid in Old Delhi when the devout were offering prayers on Friday evening . . . The first explosion took place at around 5.30 pm , when devotees were preparing for ` Asar ' -LRB- evening prayer -RRB- near a pond used by them for ablutions . . . Today being Friday and a holiday on account of Babasaheb Ambedkar 's birth anniversary , a large number of people were present in the complex at the time of the explosion . . . Fifteen minutes later , another blast rocked the place , eye-witnesses said . . . Jama Masjid spokesman Amanullah Khan told rediff.com , ` We were caught unawares . There was no warning given to us by the Delhi police nor were we told that there was any risk of blasts . . . ` Since it was prayer time , not many people werepresent at the spot wherethe twin blasts took place , ' he said , adding , ' A large number of worshippers have gathered here . They are agitated about the blasts and are refusing to go away . ' . . Syed Ahmed Bukhari , the shahiimam of Jama Masjid , has appealed to the people to maintain communal harmony and to defeat the designs of those who want to disrupt the peaceful co-existence between Hindus and Muslims . . . ` About eight hundred devotees were praying in the masjid when the first blast took place . That was around 5.25 in the evening . I immediately rushed to the spot and was asking people to help in removing the injured to hospitals when the second blast took place , ' he said . . . . . . . Two blasts rock Benaras , 20 killed . . He ordered the immediate closure of all the gates of the Jama Masjid so that the police could look out for any other bomb that be hidden somewhere else . ` This is the handiwork of those who carried out the bomb blasts in Benaras . The persons who have been arrested are innocent but those who perpetrated the crime are still roaming around freely , ' he charged but refused to elaborate.This is the first time that Jama Masjid has been targetted by the militants . In recent times the imam has been using strong language against terrorist outfits . . . Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit announced that Rs 20,000 will be given as compensation to those injured in the blasts . . . Home Minister Shivraj Patil , Congress president Sonia Gandhi , Delhi Lt Governor B L Joshi and Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit visited the injured at the hospital . . . Undeterred by the explosions , devout went back to the mosque about one-and-half hours later to offer prayer.The Delhi police , which cordoned off the area and diverted traffic to other routes , has declared a red alert in the capital . . . On the eve of Diwali last year , bomb blasts went off in Sarojini Nagar market , Paharganj and a bus in Kalkaji area , killing more than 50 people . . . The injured from Friday 's blasts have been admitted to the Lok Nayak Jayaprakash Narayan Hospital.According to Ajay Kumar , chief of anti-terrorist cell ofpolice , the two blasts that took place in Jama Masjid were of low-intensity . . . Talking to rediff.com , he said some kind of triggering-mechanismhad been used todetonate the bombs . . . ` It is too early to tell who was behind the blasts but prima-facie evidences suggest that someone was trying to provoke people and disturb communal harmony in the country , ' he added . . . Ajay Sahani , terrorism expert of Institute of Conflict management , said , ` It is clear that objective was to incite violence within thecountry . But the good thing about today 's eventand the event in Varanasi was that people were not reactingin frenzy and people behind the blasts were not succeeding . ' . . Meanwhile , an alert has been soundedat many places , including Mumbai . Security in places of worship in Mumbai was enhanced and a high alert sounded following the explosions , the police said.A security ring has been pup up in and around shrines including Haji Ali , the Mahim Dargah and mosques in central Mumbai . . . . . With PTI inputs .