Front Page 16 killed , 40 injured in Assam blast . . By Sushanta Talukdar . . GUWAHATI , AUG. 15 . Sixteen schoolchildren , including nine girls , were killed and 40 injured in Assam 's Dhemaji district today , when suspected militants of the banned United Liberation Front of Asom -LRB- ULFA -RRB- triggered a powerful blast . . . Police said that the blast triggered by a remote-controlled device took place around 9 a.m. when the children gathered at Dhemaji College ground for the Independence Day parade . All the injured have been admitted to the Dhemaji Civil Hospital and 10 of the critically injured will be shifted to Dibrugarh Civil Hospital . . . Another blast at Dhakuakhana in the same district uprooted the main pillar for the flag in the central field near Normal School . There was no casualty in the blast which occurred at 7.55 a.m. . . There were also reports of a bomb explosion in Dhubri district this afternoon . The bomb planted in the Gauripur ground where Independence Day was being observed this morning went off at 1 . 20 p.m. just behind the VIP enclosure . There were no reports of casualty . . . The ULFA had called for a boycott of the celebrations , along with five other rebel groups of the northeast region . The outfits had called a general strike beginning on the midnight of August 14 till 5.30 p.m. today . However , the ULFA attack came despite the militant outfit announcing that the general strike would be enforced only in Guwahati in view of the prevailing flood situation . . . Most barbaric : Gogoi . . The Assam Chief Minister , Tarun Gogoi , condemned the blast and announced that the State would observe August 16 as mourning day in memory of the killed children . . . He said the incident was ` most barbaric , inhuman and pathetic . ' ` This incident once again laid bare the utter denigration of all human values of the terrorists . ' He said this is yet another instance of ` cowardice on the part of the frustrated terrorists . Such a heinous act of violence must be condemned by one and all . ' . . Suspended . . Official sources said that the Superintendent of Police and Additional SP of Dhemaji district have been suspended for negligence of duty . The State Government decided to transfer the Deputy Commissioner of the district for security lapse as the intelligence agencies had warned about an attack . . . On Mr. Gogoi 's orders , the Minister of State for Home , Rockybul Hussain , the DGP , P.V. Sumant , Commissioner North Assam Division , C.K. Sarma , and IGP -LRB- Law and Order -RRB- D.K. Pathak , rushed to Dhemaji this morning . . . Ex-gratia . . Mr. Gogoi announced an ex-gratia of Rs . 3 lakhs for the victims and Rs . 50,000 for the seriously injured in the blast . The Dhemaji and Lakhimpur unit of the All-Assam Students Union has called a 12-hour bandh in both the districts on August 16 in protest against the blast . . . Violence erupted in Dhemaji after the killing of the schoolchildren and there were protests against the ` security lapse . ' Police resorted to blank fire and fired teargas shells to disperse crowds which laid siege to the DC 's office . . . PTI reports : . . Soon after the blast , Mr. Gogoi said the Armed Forces Special Powers Act should stay in disturbed areas . The increasing activities by insurgent groups proved its relevance , he said . . . He admitted there was a `` serious security lapse '' resulting in the killing of the innocent schoolchildren and reiterated that a district-wise contingency action plan was required to combat insurgency . . . A New Delhi report said the Prime Minister , Manmohan Singh , asserted that perpetrators of the blast would not be spared and the country was determined to eliminate terrorism . He said in a statement that ` such dastardly acts show the terrorists ' callous disregard for innocent lives .