Special Correspondent . . Denies there was intelligence failure . . States urged to have their own anti-terrorist forces . . NEW DELHI : Home Minister P. Chidambaram on Tuesday said the bomb blast in Pune 's German Bakery on February 13 despite the Centre sharing enough intelligence about the terror threat was a blot on our record . . . Seventeen persons including some foreigners were killed in the blast . . . Mr. Chidambaram claimed that there was no intelligence failure as enough information was shared with the Maharashtra police about specific targets in Pune . In turn , the Pune police on October 9 , 2009 , sent advisories to various establishments , including the German Bakery and its manager Praveen Pant even acknowledged receipt of the police 's letter . But the German Bakery and some other establishments did not pay heed to the warning . Again in December 2009 , the same advisory was reiterated . . . The Minister , who was responding to a supplementary question in the Lok Sabha on the Pune blast , said : Despite the intelligence shared , despite the advisories issued , the Pune blast occurred . It is a blot . I regard that as a blot on our record . The Centre monitors and reviews the internal security situation on a continuous basis . Intelligence inputs are regularly shared with State governments and Union Territories and wherever necessary , advisories are also issued . . . Mr. Chidambaram said the Centre helped the State governments under the police modernisation scheme to establish an elite Anti-Terrorist Force -LRB- ATF -RRB- . Six States had so far raised their own ATFs . Some States had Quick Reaction Teams which were smaller units . . . He urged all the States to have their own ATFs and promised Central assistance for procuring weapons , bullet-proof jackets and accessories . If the States want to ride piggy back on the Centre they can give their requirement and need not undergo the tendering process . . . On procuring bullet-proof jackets for the Central forces , he said the final decision on the tendering process would be taken on April 3 or 4 . . . He expressed confidence that threats from terrorists would be countered as things were improving , the capacity -LRB- of the police -RRB- was being strengthened and the police forces were becoming more efficient . But it will take time to have a more strong anti-terrorist capacity in this country , he said .