India and Pakistan have initiated steps to ensure the safety and security of the passengers of Samjhauta and Thar Express trains following the February 19 Samjhauta Express blasts . . . The two countries are contemplating introducing an Advance Information Passenger Information Systemwherein both sides exchange information on details ofpassengers travelling on these trains , Railway Ministry sources said . . . While Indian Railways has already started sharing the passenger list of both the trains with the security and immigrant agencies at Attari and Munnabao railway stations , they have asked their Pakistani counterpart to do the same within their territory . . . The two sides have also decided to screen passports of passengers travelling on each side and keep a complete record including their addresses , phone numbers and other details to know who is travelling from where , they said . . . In order to provide adequate security , Samjhauta Express and Thar Express trains have been made fully reserved trains following the blasts on the Samjhauta Express . . . ` With no unreserved coaches , we now have complete passenger details from their ticket reservation data a few hours prior to their boarding , and departure of the train , ' they said adding , the idea was being shared with security agencies at both the border stations . . . In India , the Ministry of Railways has taken several steps to improve security arrangements at important and vulnerable railway stations , which include increase in the number of sniffer dogs in the existing RPF dog squads . . . It has also decided to provide bomb detection and disposal equipment , close circuit televisions , hand held metal detectors , and door frame metal detectors at sensitive railway stations for anti-sabotage checks , they said . . . It is also upgrading training centres to improve quality of training to RPF personnel and Jagjeevan Ram Railway Protection Force Academy , Lucknow , has already been upgraded as a centralised Training Institute . . . It has also launched intensive publicity and public awareness campaign alerting and educating all passengers/public to remain vigilant against any unidentified/unclaimed suspicious objects lying on platforms , other premises or coaches and to report to RPF/GRP/railway officials available nearby . . . It has also enhanced close co-ordination with GRP , state police and central intelligence agencies for regular exchange of intelligence information . .