Sushanta Talukdar . . Six detained for questioning ; Manmohan Singh speaks to Manik Sarkar . . Guwahati : Three Central teams rushed to Agartala on Thursday to investigate Wednesday nights serial blasts that left 74 injured , three of them critically . . . The teams from the National Security Guards , the Intelligence Bureau and the Central Forensic Science Laboratory , Kolkata , visited the blast sites to gather evidence . Police have detained six persons for questioning . . . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh spoke to Tripura Chief Minister Manik Sarkar about the blasts and the prevailing situation . Mr. Sarkar apprised Dr. Singh of the incidents and measures initiated by his government . . . Dr. Singh strongly condemned the attack on innocent people and wished the injured speedy recovery . . . On Wednesday night , Union Home Minister Shivraj Patil also spoke to Mr. Sarkar . Mr. Sarkar told TheHindu that he could not comment immediately as the State and Central governments were working together and investigating the matter . . . We hope to be able to form some opinion by tomorrow -LSB- Friday -RSB- . He had a review meeting with police top brass and senior State government officials . He asked the administration to step up security measures for the Durga Puja festival . . . Sources said the government agencies were trying to ascertain if the blasts had any similarity with the ones in Ahmedabad , Delhi and Banglaore . . . The police said ammonium nitrate and fuel oil were suspected to have been used in the bombs . . . Director-General of Police Pranay Sahay said the police had not been able to pinpoint the involvement of any group or outfit in the blasts . Five cases had been registered in connection with the blasts . . . An angle being explored is whether the blasts were the handiwork of forces bent on scuttling the States development . . . The blasts took place hours after results of the by-election to various local bodies were announced . The ruling Left Front swept the poll , winning 74 per cent of the seats . Of the 153 seats to which by-elections were held on September 27 , the Left Front won in 123 , with the CPI -LRB- M -RRB- alone bagging 120 seats . The Left Front has also secured 32 seats uncontested . Candidates of Opposition parties forfeited their securities in most of the seats . . . The Opposition Congress , however , accused the Left Front government of ignoring the warnings by Central intelligence agencies and not taking adequate measures to thwart terrorist attacks . . . CPI -LRB- M -RRB- condemns . . New Delhi Special Correspondent writes : . . The CPI -LRB- M -RRB- condemned the forces which carried out the blasts in Agartala . The incident was an attempt to undermine the success of the Left Front government in tackling extremism , it said . . . CPI -LRB- M -RRB- general secretary Prakash Karat said he spoke to Mr. Sarkar on Thursday . . . The Left Front government of Tripura has registered significant success in tackling the extremist groups which resorted to terrorist violence . The explosions must be seen as an attempt to destabilise the situation , the Polit Bureau said in a statement . . . The Polit Bureau conveyed its heartfelt sympathy to the victims and their families . The Centre should extend all help to Tripura in tracking down the culprits , especially in view of the fact that the State had an international border on the three sides .