Delhi Bureau . . 100 injured in marketplace blasts ; Indian Mujahideen claims responsibility for terror attacks . . NEW DELHI : Twenty people were killed and about 100 injured in a series of five bomb explosions that rocked busy marketplaces in the Capital on Saturday . . . The first explosion took place at Karol Bagh at 6.10 p.m. ; two bombs were triggered at Connaught Place ; and two more in the bustling M-Block market of Greater Kailash . . . Initial investigations revealed that the improvised explosive devices were configured using ammonium nitrate . Timer devices were used for synchronising the explosions that occurred between 6.10 and 6.40 p.m. Eight persons were killed at Connaught Place and a live bomb was defused outside the Regal cinema in the heart of the Capital . Two more bombs were found at Central Park at Connaught Place and at India Gate . . . In an e-mail to the media , the terror outfit , Indian Mujahideen , claimed responsibility for the explosions . . . A red alert was sounded in the Capital . . . While the Centre announced an ex gratia of Rs . 3 lakh each for the next of kin of the deceased , the State government announced Rs . 5 lakh for each of the dead , besides Rs .50,000 for those injured . . . Congress president Sonia Gandhi and Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit visited the injured at the Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital . . . The injured were rushed to the Ram Manohar Lohia , Sir Ganga Ram , Jessa Ram , Lady Hardinge and Lok Nayak Jaya Prakash Narayan hospitals . Some were taken to the All-India Institute of Medical Sciences . . . At Karol Bagh , the bomb was kept in or near a three-wheeler . The blast ripped the vehicle apart . An autorickshaw parked nearby was tossed in the air and it fell on the other side of the road . A woman sitting in the vehicle and several bystanders were seriously injured . . . Puran Kumar , whose relatives were injured in the blast , said he was in his house when he heard a loud explosion . I rushed out and saw badly injured people lying on the road writhing in pain and screaming for help . Among them were some of my relatives . Initially , we thought that it was a cylinder blast , said a shocked Puran . . . Another resident , Nanak , said : A woman lay near the autorickshaw with her face smashed . All that was left on her face were her two eyes . . . A bomb kept in a dustbin near Gate No. 1 of the Barakhamba Road metro station went off around 6.35 p.m. . . In Central Park , a bomb kept in a bin exploded five minutes later , causing injuries to over 40 people . Deepak , who runs a garment shop in Connaught Place , said he himself rushed over a dozen injured people to hospital . Most of the injured were women and children . . . Two low-intensity bombs planted in a dustbin and on a cycle in the busy M-Block Market of Greater Kailash went off at 6.30 p.m. and 6.40 p.m. . A woman was injured .