Union Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde made a flash visit to Hyderabad on Friday morning and saw for himself the damage caused by the twin bomb blasts in Dilsukhnagar , the thickly populated area here , accompanied by Governor E. S. L. Narasimhan , Chief Minister N. Kiran Kumar Reddy and top officials of the National Investigation Agency -LRB- NIA -RRB- , including its Director-General S.C. Sinha . . . Huge crowds that thronged the site jostled to break the police cordon to get a closer look of the leaders as they made an on-the-spot study of the dastardly bomb attacks . . . Mr Shinde later said an all-inclusive investigation into the serial bomb blasts was in progress and the persons who had masterminded the crime , would be identified and caught soon . We will leave no stone unturned to achieve immediate results on this front , he told reporters at Lakeview Guesthouse . . . The Home Minister flew in here by a special aircraft from Delhi and drove straight to the blood-stained blast sites which resembled a war-ravaged zone . A visibly upset Mr Shinde , who earlier had served as Andhra Pradesh Governor , also visited CARE Hospital at Nampally where most of the injured persons are being treated . He spoke with some of them , trying to get a first-hand account of how it all happened . . . No area-specific alerts . . He declined to divulge anything further about the incident on the ground that Parliament was in session . He said it was too early to blame any organisation or outfit , including the Indian Mujahideen , for the blasts . . . Mr Shinde categorically said his Ministry did not issue any area-specific alert to the Andhra Pradesh Government three to four days ago with a warning that incidents such as bomb blasts would occur , as being talked of . What was issued was a general alert to all the States , he said . . . He did not agree with the contention that the blasts were a result of intelligence failure . He did not confirm when asked if any source of phone-tapping was identified in this connection as alleged . . . He said the AP Government would bear the entire medical expenditure for treatment of the injured , besides the ex gratia already announced by it on ThursdayRs 6 lakh for the families of each of those killed and Rs 50,000 to Rs 1 lakh to each of the injured persons . . . The blasts , he stated , claimed 14 lives so far , while the condition of six of the 119 injured persons was critical . The number of casualties could go up , he indicated . . . We will leave no stone unturned to achieve immediate results .