MUMBAI : The police are probing whether the Bajrang Dal or a Lashkar group could have been involved in Friday 's Malegaon blasts . The Bajrang Dal is known to have followed a similar pattern in blasts at Parbhani 's Mohammadi Masjid and mosques at Pona and Jalna earlier this year . ` We are probing this angle , though it is too early to hold any group responsible , ' DGP P S Pasricha said on Friday.Another theory doing the rounds is that a Jaish-e-Mohammad module could have engineered Friday 's blasts to create communal trouble . Anti-Terrorism Squad joint commissioner of police K P Raghuvanshi , too , said : ` It is too premature to say anything , but we are also probing the earlier Nanded and Parbhani blasts . ` The ATS arrested 16 Bajrang Dal activists for the earlier blasts , but there were allegations about cops going slow on the probes.Four persons , also reported to be Bajrang Dal activists , died while making bombs in Nanded earlier this year . Those arrested later told interrogators they wanted to avenge several blasts across the country.Communal violence angle : Intelligence agencies suspect that the Malegaon blasts were aimed at provoking communal tension as terrorists could not foment trouble during the recently concluded Ganapati festival . A senior official from one of the central agencies in Pune said similar , subversive acts had been planned during the 10-day Ganapati festival . However , tight security measures prevented any untoward incident . ` There was no specific intelligence input on Malegaon , ' the official said . ` The motive seems not only to kill people , but also create panic and communal tension in the already sensitive Malegaon , ' he said , explaining that after failing to cause damage during the Ganesh festival , Malegaon could have been seen as a soft target.Interestingly , the district administration , after a seizure of arms and ammunition from Malegaon in May and the serial blasts in Mumbai 's suburban trains , had submitted a confidential report to the Maharashtra home department about the sensitive communal situation in the town .