The Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad has finally established the Sri Lankan connection in the Pune German Bakery blast case . Mirza Himayat Inayat Baig , the alleged mastermind , underwent training to assemble explosive devices and cause their explosion ' in Colombo in March 2008 , says the charge sheet filed by the ATS against Baig and six other accused . He was trained by two of the accused , Faiyaz Kagzi and Zabiuddin Ansari . The charge sheet says Kagzi and Ansari gave Baig money or funding the purchase of explosive devices and the travel of indoctrinated Muslim youth to Pakistan for training . After training in Pakistan , Baig returned to India and lived in the non-descript Udgir taluk in Maharashtra 's Latur district under concealed identity as Yusuf ' and Hasan ' . In the last week of January 2010 , on instructions from two of the accused Riyaz Bhatkal and Iqbal Bhatkal , the other two accused Yasin Bhatkal and Mohsin Chowdhary met Baig in Udgir to discuss , finalise and put into execution the plan to cause the bomb explosion at German Bakery , according to the charge sheet . On January 31 , Baig conducted a recce and decided the timing of planting the explosive device . In the first week of February , Yasin and Chowdhary went to Udgir again to give finishing touches to the plan . Thereafter , the duo accompanied Baig to Mumbai , where a haversack and a Nokia 1100 model mobile phone ( which was used to trigger the explosion ) were bought . Yasin and Chowdhary assembled the explosive device at the Global Internet Caf in Udgir . The charge sheet says the three conspirators then travelled to Latur , taking private transport , and again from Udgir to Latur in a state corporation bus on February 13 , the day of the blast . Yasin proceeded to the German Bakery and planted the bomb at about 5 p.m. , and it went off at 6.50 p.m. , killing 17 people . All the accused , including Baig , are part of the banned Students Islamic Movement of India and the Lashkar-e-Taiba , the charge sheet states . Baig is also believed to be an operator of the terror outfit , Indian Mujahideen . The ATS contends that Baig had used his friend Rehman 's bank account to make various transactions from Udgir . He used 25 e-mail IDs to communicate with the other accused , while the plan was being hatched . In pursuance of the conspiracy , ' Baig acquired forged voter cards under two names , Khayum Ayub Shaikh and Immadoddin Ahmed Shaikh , the charge sheet states . He had even a forged handicapped person card . The Latur police said Khurshid Alam , who allegedly helped Baig acquire the forged voter card under the name of Khayum Ayub Shaikh , is on the run . Falsely implicated Commenting on the charge sheet , Baig 's lawyer A. Rehman said his client was falsely implicated . Baig was given the charge sheet on Monday in the first class judicial magistrate court . The case is now moved to the sessions . OPEN