He provided money to another accused Sunil Joshi to carry out blasts ' The National Investigating Agency ( NIA ) has named Indresh Kumar , said to be an associate of Aseemanand , in the charge-sheet filed against the Hindu right-wing activist Swami Aseemanand in a local court for his alleged role in the 2007 Mecca Masjid bomb blast case . In its 13-page supplementary charge-sheet , the NIA charged that Aseemanand and Indresh Kumar provided money to another accused person Sunil Joshi for carrying out the criminal acts . Joshi travelled to different places such as Indore , Jaipur , and Shabridam in Gujarat , and other parts of Jharkhand , West Bengal , Bihar , Uttar Pradesh , Madhya Pradesh , and Nepal . He met different persons for forming different teams for executing blasts in religious places . 11 SIM cards He ensured that the teams he had constituted did not know about each other . Eleven SIM cards were purchased from different shops in Jharkhand , Bihar , and West Bengal by furnishing false address proofs . They had also bought two mobile phones from Faridabad and New Delhi . Pistols , ammunition , and IED related parts were procured from Jharkhand , the charge-sheet alleged . Joshi was killed under mysterious circumstances in Dewas , Madhya Pradesh in 2007 . Aseemanand alias Nabakumar Sarkar ( 59 ) was arrested in Haridwar in November 2010 where he was found hiding under the fictitious name of Swami Omkaranand . The NIA accused Aseemanand of murder , attempt to murder , and criminal conspiracy among other sections of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC ) and the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act and Explosive Substances Act . Confession Aseemanand , who is now in Ambala jail , in his confessional statement recorded by a magistrate in Delhi in December 2010 , had said that he and several other activists were involved in blasts at Malegaon , Samjhauta Express , Ajmer Dargah , and Mecca Masjid in Hyderabad . The Mecca Masjid blast case was initially probed by the city police and later it was transferred to the CBI which filed a charge-sheet against the accused -- Devender Gupta and Lokesh Sharma . Both are in judicial custody . The Centre later handed over all the blast cases to the NIA following concerns by the security agencies that the suspects could use differences in the multiple probes at the trial stage to dilute the cases . Joshi met different persons for forming different teams for executing blasts in religious placesHe ensured that the teams he had constituted did not know about each other Joshi met different persons for forming different teams for executing blasts in religious places He ensured that the teams he had constituted did not know about each other OPEN