Suspected Indian Mujahideen ( IM ) operative Mohammed Qateel Siddiqui was murdered in the high-security Anda Cell in the Yerwada jail in Pune on Friday morning by two fellow inmates . Siddiqui , in judicial custody , was being tried by the Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad for his alleged role in a conspiracy to plant a bomb outside a temple in Pune . He was also allegedly involved in the Bangalore Chinnaswamy stadium and Delhi Jama Masjid blasts . Official sources in Mumbai said Siddiqui was strangulated by Sharad Mohol and Amol Bhalerao for being part of anti-national activities . Both are members of a Pune criminal gang . Mohol is facing nine cases and Bhalerao four cases of murder , attempt to murder and kidnapping . Hours after the incident , Maharashtra Home Minister R.R. Patil ordered a CID probe and suspended Jail Superintendent S.V. Khatavkar . Siddiqui was to have been produced in a Pune court on Friday afternoon . Informed sources said the ATS did not want to extend his custody further and proposed to allow the Delhi Police to take him back . Narrating the jail crime which took place between 9.45 and 11.45 a.m. , the police said that while Bhalerao allegedly pinned Siddiqui 's legs to the ground , Mohol strangled him with the cord of his trousers . Thereafter , Bhalerao himself was said to have told another inmate about the murder and the latter informed the jail authorities . There are conflicting reports on whether Siddiqui had a tiff with Mohol and Bhalerao the day before . The sources said they were playing chess some three days ago . Siddiqui , a resident of Darbhanga in Bihar , was first arrested by the Special Cell of the Delhi Police in November 2011 . The Maharashtra ATS sought his custody to probe his involvement in the conspiracy to plant a bomb outside the Shrimant Dagdusheth Halwai Ganpati Temple in Pune . He was brought to the city on May 3 and was in police custody till May 28 . The police said Siddiqui 's attempt to plant a bomb in the temple failed as a flower vendor refused to keep a bag of explosives . Siddiqui then travelled to Mumbai and disposed of the timer in the sea after removing the battery . While in custody , the ATS claimed , Siddiqui had given information about the whereabouts in Bihar of the absconding IM mastermind Yasin Bhatkal . He was seen as a close link to Bhatkal , wanted for several terror incidents in the country and named co-accused in the conspiracy to bomb the Dagdusheth temple and in Pune 's German Bakery blast case . The sources said Siddiqui was introduced to Bhatkal in Delhi by another IM operative Gohar Aziz Khumani , now in the custody of the Delhi Police . The jail murder will impact the case of conspiracy to bomb the temple . The agency planned to use Siddiqui 's evidence and put out a charge sheet against Bhatkal . CID probe ordered into the murder CID probe ordered into the murder Jail Superintendent suspended OPEN