A month after the National Investigation Agencys ( NIA ) charge sheet exposed the flawed probe conducted by Maharashtras Anti-Terrorism Squad ( ATS ) into the 2006 Malegaon bomb blasts , a public interest litigation ( PIL ) petition has been filed in the Bombay High Court against 15 former and serving IPS officers who conducted the investigation . Among those made respondents in the PIL were former ATS chief K.P. Raghuvanshi ; former Mumbai Commissioner A.N. Roy ; and Maharashtra DGP Sanjeev Dayal . The petitioner , Sayyad Ameen Mustafa of Muslim-e-Hind , urged the court to set up an independent special investigation team ( SIT ) to probe the blasts and register an FIR against the guilty officers , who allegedly framed innocent Muslim youth in the case . The ATS which probed four explosions that took place on September 8 , 2006 at Malegaon in Nashik district arrested nine Muslim youths and alleged them to be the members of the banned Students Islamic Movement of India ( SIMI ) . The Maharashtra government transferred the blasts case to the CBI on December 21 , 2006 even as the ATS filed a charge sheet against the nine arrested and few others . The CBIs probe mirrored that of the ATS and the Central agency filed a supplementary charge sheet on February 11 , 2010 attaching forensic reports and additional witness statements . However , after taking over the investigation from the CBI in April 2012 , NIA , on the basis of confessional statements of Swami Aseemanand , reinvestigated the entire case . It filed a charge sheet on May 22 , 2013 before special NIA judge Prithvi Raj Chavan against four Hindu right-wing activists and three wanted accused . It did not even mention the names of Muslim youths arrested earlier . The PIL said : Further investigation by the NIA revealed that Rajendra Chaudhary , Dhan Singh , Manohar and Ramchandra Kalsangra had planted and caused four bomb blasts in Malegaon on September 8 , 2006 . The petitioner said the respondents were involved in anti-Muslim , anti-minority and anti-human rights acts . They had no faith in the Constitution of India . The respondents have acted in conspiracy with each other to frame innocents and worked/working in close coordination for fulfilling the same till date , Petitioners counsel Ejaz Naqvi said the court should quash the legal proceedings against the accused who are framed in the case . We have requested the court to order and register a cognisable offence against erring officers and the said investigation may be conducted under the monitoring of the two HC judges or an independent SIT , said Mr. Naqvi . He said all the police officers who were then part of the investigation and had now reached senior positions should be made accountable . They destroyed the lives of young innocent men . What right did they have to do this ? They should be punished for this , counsel said . Former ATS chief Raghuvanshi among those made respondents in PILQuash legal proceedings against accused framed in the case : petitioner Former ATS chief Raghuvanshi among those made respondents in PIL Quash legal proceedings against accused framed in the case : petitioner OPEN