The terrorist attack on Ahmedabad in Gujarat state was among the worst of its kind . Bombs carefully planted in public spaces to cause maximum casualties exploded in quick succession . . . One day before the blasts , seven small bombs had exploded in Bangalore , the centre of India 's thriving software industry . The security forces fear that more cities may soon be targeted . . . `` The entire nation has been asked to step up security at vital installations , '' said an offical spokesman . . . All the bombs in Ahmedabad exploded within the space of an hour . They detonated in the midst of teeming bazaars , congested neighbourhoods and outside hospitals , which were tending the injured from the first blasts . . . While the death toll rose to 45 , at least 160 people were wounded in the relatively affluent , Muslim-dominated city , including many women and children . . . India hit by blasts . . India on high alert as bombers sought . . The bombs , fashioned from ammonium nitrate and packed with ball bearings to maximise their destructive power , were strapped to bicycles and motorbikes . Some were hidden under the seats of crowded public buses - and all were detonated with timers at carefully staggered intervals . . . Two doctors were killed by explosions in two adjoining hospitals . . . `` Never before have we seen such ruthless bombings of hospitals . The terrorists ' objective was to strike the defenceless and deepen the fear , '' said a senior security official . . . Pankaj Patel said that his son , Rohan , and daughter , Pratha , were killed at Ahmedabad hospital . . . `` I came with my two children to cheer up my mother [ in ) hospital . They were laughing when the blast occurred . Now they are dead , '' he said . . . O. P. Mathur , the city 's police commissioner , said another unexploded device had been found . Around 30 people had been detained for questioning , he added . . . `` Anti-national elements have been trying to create panic among the people of our country . The Ahmedabad blasts are part of the same strategy , '' said Shivraj Patil , the home affairs minister . . . The aim was to trigger communal bloodshed between Hindus and Muslims in the volatile city , he added . . . Six years ago , Ahmedabad and the surrounding state of Gujarat endured a month-long pogrom , targeted mainly at Muslims , during which at least 2,500 people were murdered . . . A little-known group styling itself the `` Indian Mujahideen '' claimed responsibility for the bombings in an email sent to local television channels minutes before the first explosion at around 6.30 pm yesterday . This message declared that the attack was retribution for the killings of Muslims in 2002 . . . Narendra Modi , Gujarat 's chief minister from the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party , is one of India 's most controversial politicians . He stands accused of organising anti-Muslim riots six years ago and inciting murders . The United States has placed him on a banned list and refused to issue him with a visa . . . Indian Mujahideen has also claimed responsibility for last November 's bombings in the city of Jaipur , which killed 63 people . . . In a similar message sent moments before the attack , the group said the blasts were retaliation for India 's alliance with America and Britain . . . But Indian and Western security officials believe the `` Indian Mujahideen '' is merely a new name for Islamist extremist groups , based in neighbouring Bangladesh and Pakistan , which have carried out frequent attacks in India 's cities . . . Their central grievance is India 's control over a large area of the disputed territory of Kashmir , which has a Muslim majority . They also object to the country 's strategic and defence co-operation with the West , especially America . . . `` The command and control for all recent serial bombings and terrorist strikes remain the same and appear to be based in India 's neighbourhood , '' said Arun Sahgal , a retired Brigadier and security analyst with the United Service Institute said . . . Sources in India 's Federal Intelligence Bureau the attacks demonstrated the ability of foreign insurgent groups to strike `` anywhere '' by using disaffected Muslims as `` carriers '' . Around 13 per cent of India 's 1.2 billion people are Muslims . . . Over 550 people have been killed in 11 major terrorist attacks across India since October 2005 . None of them has been solved so far - and no convictions secured .