At least48 people were killed and 150 injured in two blasts in south Mumbai -- one near the Gateway of India and the other at Zaveri Bazaar in busy Kalbadevi area -- on Monday afternoon . . . . . . . . . . . Photo : Deepak Salvi . . Recent blasts in Mumbai | Their bodies were black : Witness | Mkt Rpt : Sensex drops | Alert in Delhi | Intelligence indicates Lashkar hand . . Police sources said explosives concealed in two taxis went off in quick succession -- at 1305 IST at Kalbadevi and a few minutes later at the Gateway of India . . . The injured were admitted to J J Hospital , G T Hospital and St George 's Hospital . . . A witness told our correspodent at Mumbadevi circle in Kalbadevi that he counted at least 15 to 20 bodies . . . Police Commissioner R S Sharma said the involvement of terrorists was suspected , but so far no group has claimed responsibility . . . Details about the nature of the explosive used are sketchy . The state government has sought the help of the Indian Army 's explosives expert and a team of the National Security Guards is also arriving from Delhi . . . . . The Gateway blast took place in the parking lot opposite the historic monument . The Taj Hotel 's lobby suffered damage in the blast . Awitness said glass was strewn all over the place . . . Our correspondent counted at least 10 damaged cars at the Gateway . The entire area was cordoned off within minutes of the blast . The road leading to the Gateway from the Regal cinema building in Colabawas sealed . . . The mobile network in Mumbai collapsed just minutes after the explosions . There were reports that the network was shut to prevent rumour mongering . . . Analert has been sounded all over Maharashtra . . . Deputy Chief Minister Chhagan Bhujbal held a meeting with top police and civic officials at the government guesthouse Sahyadri andlater , along with Chief Minister Sushilkumar Shinde and Minister of State for Home Rajendra Darda , visited the blast sites.Shinde appealed to the agitated people in Kalbadevi to maintain calm . . . The government has announced an ex-gratia of Rs200 ,000 each to the kin of those killed and Rs50 ,000 to the seriously injured . . . Deputy Prime Minister Lal Kishenchand Advani is scheduled to visit Mumbai on Tuesday . . . Witness accounts : . . ` Their bodies were black '' Gateway blast powerful one '' I felt like I was going to die '' Ithought it was a hand-grenade '' Around me were blackened bodies '' I should have worn shoes ` Mute spectators at telephone boothsSt George 's Hospital struggles to cope . . .