The Delhi Police today claimed to have cracked the 1 August Pune blast case with the arrest of three alleged Indian Mujahideen operatives from Pul Prahladpur in Delhi . Police claimed all the three suspected terrorists are from Maharashtra and were planning to carry out terror strikes in Delhi and at Bodh Gaya in Bihar during the festive season . . . `` Delhi Police special cell has cracked the Pune blast case . We have arrested three people - Asad Khan of Aurangabad , Imran Khan of Nanded and Syed Feroz of Pune , '' Delhi Police Commissioner Neeraj Kumar said . . . Referring to the Pune blasts , Kumar said that the alleged terrorists had bought electronics and cycles from Budhwar Peth in the city for the terror strike . . . Delhi police commissioner Neeraj Kumar . . . The police also said that Lashkar-e-Toiba operative and 26/11 plotter Abu Jundal 's interrogation led to the arrest of the three IM operatives . . . The Commissioner added that the name of another key LeT terrorist Fayyaz Qagzi was revealed by Jundal during the interrogation . . . `` This shows a direct link between Indian Mujahideen and Lashkar-e-Toiba , '' he said . . . According to the police , on 8 June , 2012 Qateel Siddique , accused in the German Bakery blast and Jama Masjid attack , was killed by jail inmates Sharad Mohan and Ashok Bhalerao in the Yerawada jail in Pune . The duo killed Siddique as he boasted that his group would carry out a blast at Dagdusheth , a famous Ganpati temple in Pune . . . The investigation into his murder revealed that he was part of a bigger conspiracy and led to the arrest the three IM operatives in Delhi . . . The three arrested persons were reportedly close to fugitive Indian Mujahideen chief Yasin Bhatkal . The police had on 27 March arrested another suspected Indian Mujahideen terrorist , an alleged aide of Bhatkal , from north-east Delhi with one kg explosives and a detonator . Assadullah Rehman alias Dilkash ( 20 ) was apprehended from Chandu Nagar in Karawal Nagar . Dilkash , who hails from Darbhanga in Bihar , had allegedly escaped in November 2011 from the arms factory run by Indian Mujahideen in west Delhi 's Nangloi before the police crackdown during which a number of suspected terrorists were nabbed by police . . . A senior police official said Dilkash had told police that he had recently taken on rent a premises at Chandu Nagar from where investigators allegedly recovered one kg of explosive powder , a detonator , a timer and a mobile phone . `` He came in contact with Mohd Kafeel Ahmad , the motivator and ideologue of Indian Mujahideen , who was arrested earlier . He was motivated by Ahmad to join Indian Mujahideen . In February 2011 , Ahmad introduced him to Bhatkal who further motivated him , '' the official said . . . In April 2011 , the official said , on instructions from Bhatkal , he reached Delhi and was taken to the factory at Meer Vihar in Nangloi which was later busted by police . There he learnt to work on the lathe machine and assisted Mohd Irshad and Bhatkal in allegedly manufacturing pistols and other arms and ammunition . `` He became a trusted aide of Bhatkal , '' the official claimed . With inputs from PTI .