Strictly from a terrorist 's point of view , Dilsukhnagar was a very apt choice as a target . For those unfamiliar with Hyderabad 's geography , Dilsukhnagar is a busy area located in the south-east part of the city which further leads to the National Highway connecting to Vijayawada . As a result , the area is like mini-Mumbai , with a huge floating population coming in from localities outside Hyderabad to work in the city . People are perpetually in a hurry to get to work in the morning and to get back home in the evening . Several eateries do roaring business and whichever terror group decided to strike in Dilsukhnagar , had done its homework well . There is a sprawling fruit market and several hostels in the vicinity and making a getaway would be easy . . . Contrast this with the preparedness of the police establishment . Police , in many other cities like Bangalore and Nanded , had received an ` Be alert ' input post the Afzal Guru hanging inside Tihar Jail , which given its very non-specific nature , was not taken with the seriousness it deserved . . . People gather at the blast site in Hyderabad . AP . . Dilsukhnagar also has a history with bomb blasts . In November 2002 , a scooter bomb blast near the Saibaba temple killed two people . The city had seen three strikes in 2007 - the Mecca Masjid blast in May that killed nine people ( five more persons were killed in the police firing that followed ) and the twin blasts at Lumbini Park and Gokul Chat in August that killed 42 people . Thursday evening terror attack shattered the peace Hyderabad has seen for nearly six years now . According to reports at the time of writing , 12 people were killed and 78 injured in the twin blasts . . . The twin blasts - the first one at 7:01 pm and the second one at 7:06 pm - took everyone by surprise . The terrorists had planted the bombs on bicycles , parked about 150 metres from each other and close to an eatery and a bus stop near cinema theatres to create maximum impact . Three hours after the blast , a senior police officer told Firstpost that they `` are groping in the dark '' . . . The situation immediately after the twin blasts was n't easy for the police . The commotion in the area meant it was a herculean task shifting the injured to the nearby hospitals . There was blood all over , people writhing in pain , crying . There were glass pieces and slippers strewn around and curious onlookers and the media teams did not make it any easier . With cellphones jammed , people were travelling to Dilsukhnagar to find out about their near and dear ones . Politicians who thronged the blast site with their slogan-shouting supporters only meant the police became more engrossed in ensuring their security and not in keeping the area sterile . . . Police officials along with the National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) now have to track the calls that would have been made in and out of Hyderabad prior to the blast . That sleeper cells have existed in pockets of Hyderabad as well as neighbouring districts like Nalgonda is a well-known fact and the sleuths will have to dig deep to find which of those connections were activated in the recent past . . . The police is also nervous about having lost significant forensic evidence in the melee that followed the blasts . This evidence will be critical in pointing to the kind of bomb that was assembled which would further help in identifying the terror group . . . Conspiracy theories are pointing to how the terrorists would have wanted to take advantage of the communal tension created as a result of the hate speeches delivered by MIM leader Akbaruddin Owaisi and VHP leader Pravin Togadia in the last two months and create more fissures . The challenge for Hyderabad now is to stand up united to defeat those designs of the terrorists .