PUNE : Terror struck Pune this evening when a powerful bomb ripped apart a popular bakery near a Jewish prayer house , killing eight people , including a foreigner , and injuring 32 in the first major attack since 26/11 carnage . . . The improvised explosive device , kept in an unattended packet outside the kitchen of the German bakery , exploded at around 7.30 pm when a waiter attempted to open it . . . `` It is most probably a terror attack . Forensic experts of CBI and team of National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) officials are being airlifted to Pune to assist the state police in the investigations , '' Union Home Secretary G K Pillai said . . . The German bakery is a favourite food joint for foreigners , located close to Osho Ashram which had been surveyed by Pakistani-origin American David Coleman Headley , a Lashkar-e Taiba operative . . . Quoting information from the state government , Pillai said eight people had died and 32 were injured in the blast . One each of the killed and the injured are foreigners , he said , but could not give the nationality . . . The rest , he said , were believed to be Indians but the situation could change . . . Asked whether Pakistani hand was suspected behind the attack , Pillai said he could not say anything till forensic examination was over . . . Home Minister P Chidambaram , who is in Tamil Nadu , will visit Pune tomorrow . He is closely monitoring the situation and the position is being reviewed periodically . . . The Home Ministry has issued an alert across the country asking people not to open any unattended object and to inform the police if they find any suspicious object . . . Pillai said the Union Home Ministry had issued an advisory to Maharashtra government informing it that the Osho Ashram was one of the sites surveyed by Headley . . . Headley , who was arrested by FBI at Chicago airport last year when he proceeding to board a flight to Pakistan , had visited a number of places in India , including the Mumbai terror attack targets . . . The site of this evening 's blast , that destroyed the bakery , was littered with severed limbs and pools of blood . A number of victims were charred beyond recognition , making it difficult for authorities to ascertain their identity . . . Pune 's Additional Commissioner of Police Prabhat Kumar said `` it is a suspected terror attack and we are trying to find out the exact device used in the incident '' . . . Maharashtra Chief Minister Ashok Chavan said it was yet to be established as to what was the cause of the blast . He said he had talked to the Police Commissioner who told him that unless they examined the evidence on the scene of the blast they can not come to any conclusion . . . He said initially it was thought to be a cylinder blast . Forensic experts are there at the site and the exact cause was yet to be ascertained , Chavan added . . . The Chief Minister announced an ex-gratia of Rs one lakh for the kin of those killed and Rs 50,000 for those injured . . . `` I was travelling by an autorickshaw . I heard a loud explosion and the ground shook '' , said Santosh , one of the injured in the blast . . . An eyewitness said there was a loud bang which shook the entire area and `` we saw a fire '' . . . Was the Pune blast an intelligence failure ? .