New Delhi : The serial blasts in Jaipur that killed 63 people and injured over 150 on Tuesday night sent shockwaves across the country . Alert was sounded across various states and security was stepped up in all major metros and tourist hotspots . Given below is a wrap-up : . . Goa : Night vigil on . . Panaji : The Goa police declared alert in the tourist state and stepped-up security in the crowded areas . . . Inspector General of Police Kishan Kumar said all police stations in Goa have been asked to conduct strict patrolling , especially at crowded places such as Goan beaches , railway stations , airport at Dabolim , bus stands , market areas and others . . . In order to avoid risk , the alert declared last night will continue for few days in the state . '' I have also directed all police stations to get hold of suspicious persons , '' Kumar added . . . Bihar : Security up at vital installations . . Patna : A high alert was sounded in Bihar and all police stations have been put on maximum alert with specific instructions to officials to tighten vigil around places of religious importance , Additional Director General ( Law and Order ) Anil Sinha told PTI . . . The government railway police too has been alerted and security stepped up around vital installations , including properties of railway , he said . . . Karnataka : Poll-bound and on alert . . Bangalore : Police in Karnataka have stepped up security throughout the state as a precautionary measure . . . Police said a vigil is being maintained at busy areas , railway stations , bus stations , markets , malls and also Bangalore airport . . . Last Saturday , a bomb exploded in a Hubli court . None were injured in the incident . . . UP : Terror flashback for Varanasi . . Varanasi : A red alert has been sounded in the temple city with increased deployment . . . A red alert has been declared in Varanasi and deployment at sensitive places has been enhanced , DIG , Police , S N Sabat , told PTI . . . He said checking of vehicles at sensitive places has been intensified and extra forces have been deployed in and around the important temples and vital installations . . . `` Though there is no specific threat of any terror attack in the city we are leaving nothing to chance '' , he said . . . Uttar pradesh Home department has directed all District Magistrates to keep a close watch in their respective areas and gear up all intelligence machinery . . . State Home secretary Mahesh Kumar Gupta asked the DMs to put in place a drill for security checkup . . . Directive to this effect have been sent to all District Magistrates . . . Tamil Nadu : All entry points blocked . . Chennai : Security has been tightened in Chennai and police said that vehicles entering the city would be thoroughly checked . Places where people converge in large numbers like railway stations and bus stands have been brought under security cover . . . People moving around in a suspicious manner would be questioned , they added . . . .