Appears to be the handiwork of some terror outfit , say police . . Ludhiana : Terror struck Ludhiana on Sunday night when six people were killed and 25 injured in a blast in one of the three cinema halls in a multiplex in a busy shopping area of this industrial town . . . It was not immediately known what caused the explosion in the multiplex on Sarmala road , which was teeming with hundreds of people . . . Janan Janam Ke Saath was being screened in the hall , which has a capacity for an audience of 600 , when the explosion occurred at 8.40 p.m. . The show started at 7 p.m. . . The police , who did not rule out the hand of terrorists , said the casualties could go up . Limbs of some of the dead were seen . . . Chandrashekar , ADGP -LRB- Law and Order -RRB- , said the blast appeared to have been caused by a bomb . . . Victims yet to be identified . . Ludhiana DIG Ishwar Singh said half of the injured were critical and the victims were yet to be identified . The cause of the blast is yet to be ascertained . . . DGP N. P. Singh said four people died on the spot and two in hospital . . . One person came inside the theatre during interval time and the needle of suspicion was on him . . . Windowpanes in the multiplex were smashed and several chairs in the cinema hall destroyed . The blast took place under a seat in the third row of second block of the theatre . . . Immediately after the blast , panic-stricken people rushed out of the theatre , officials said . . . Creates a crater . . The intensity of the blast was such that it created a big crater in the hall and smashed the window panes . . . The Union government is closely monitoring the security situation in Punjab . . . Union Home Secretary Madhukar Gupta spoke to Punjabs Chief Secretary and Director-General of Police to have first hand information about the incident , official sources said . . . Mr. Gupta apprised Home Minister Shivraj Patil of the situation . The Centre has assured all assistance to the State government . It was also rushing bomb experts from the National Security Guards to Ludhiana . . . Only on Thursday last , two people were killed and nearly a dozen injured in a bomb attack on the Ajmer Dargah in Rajasthan . PTI . . Handiwork of terrorists . . Sarabjit Pandher reports from Chandigarh : . . Punjab police chief N.P.S. Aulakh said that from the preliminary investigations , it appeared to be the handiwork of some terror outfit . . . The exact nature of the device and the explosive used would be confirmed by forensic experts . . . Keeping in view the coming festival season and the blast in Ajmer , the police have sounded an alert all over the State . . . Vigil at sensitive places had been tightened and night patrol intensified . . . Talking to reporters at the site of the incident , police chief of Ludhiana district R.K. Jaiswal , said it was suspected that RDX was used . . . The incident has sent a wave of scare across the State . Senior officers were closeted in meetings .