GUWAHATI : One person has been arrested in connection with the Assam serial blasts . Zulfikar Ali from the Nagaon district , whose vehicle was used on the blast , has been held.Investigating agencies on Friday questioned over 20 persons as they probed a possible HuJI-ULFA link behind the deadly serial blasts in Assam which claimed 77 lives , while curfew was clamped in worst-hit Ganeshguri here after protesters went on a rampage . The scale and planning behind the blasts have led the police to suspect local militants joining hands with terrorist outfits to carry out the coordinated strikes . A team of NSG experts from New Delhi visited the blast sites at Ganeshguri , the deputy commissioner 's office and Fancy Bazaar here to make an on-the-spot assessment of yesterday 's terror strikes that left over 450 wounded . ` We are not taking seriously the denial by the United Liberation Front of Assam -LRB- ULFA-of being responsible for the blasts -RRB- because on earlier occasions also they have done so ' , a top Assam police official said . The ULFA cadres are being trained by the jehadi militants and there is definitely a link between the two which is being investigated , he said . While suspecting the hand of the Bangladesh-based Harkat-ul Jehad-e-Islami -LRB- HuJI -RRB- outfit , police claimed to have got clues that the blasts were carried out by people having local links . Thus the ULFA angle has come in , the official said . Schools and educational institutions remained closed in Guwahati while a total shut-down was observed in Kokrajhar following a bandh call by VHP and BJP . The toll in the serial blasts in Assam has risen to 77 with 11 more people succumbing to their injuries overnight . Principal secretary -LRB- home -RRB- and official spokesman Subhas Das said eight people died in Guwahati , which now alone accounts for 41 deaths . Three others succumbed to their injuries in Barpeta taking the toll there to 15 . The number of deaths in Kokrajhar remained at 21 , he said . In the deadliest terror attacks in Assam , near - simultaneous blasts had ripped through Guwahati , Kokrajhar , Bongaigaon and Barpeta on Thursday , killing 66 people and injuring about 470 others . The protesters gathered near a flyover - a few metres from the blast site , shouting slogans against the government 's alleged failure to provide security to the common people . Deputy commissioner Prateek Hajela said the protesters , turned violent and went on a rampage attacking the security personnel deployed in the area . The police first resorted to lathicharge to disperse the protesters but later fired in the air , Hajela said . Ganeshguri had witnessed protests soon after the blasts on Thursday with the mob torching a police vehicle , a fire tender and two ambulances . They had also tried to storm the secretariat carrying two charred bodies in a push cart . The entry and exit road to the area has been sealed since the blasts and only a few vehicles were plying on the Ganeshguri flyover , which connects the Guwahati-Shillong road . All shops and commercial establishments have remained closed in the area since morning . Attendance in the offices was also thin . Frequency of public transport operations dropped significantly in the morning hours . BJP leader L K Advani visited the blast site near the deputy commissioner 's office where he faced a group of angry lawyers who shouted slogans ` Advani go back ' . He also visited the Guwahati Medical College Hospital and met the injured in the blast . All examinations scheduled under the Gauhati University and State Education Board of Assam -LRB- SEBA -RRB- have been cancelled till further directive . Opposition Asom Gana Parishad observed a ` Black Day ' today with its leaders and cadres sporting black badges . Lawyers of both High Court and Sessions Court in Guwahati abstained from work and held protests outside the court premises . Bangladesh-based HuJI militants along with other jehadi outfits are suspected to be behind the explosions . Although ULFA has denied its involvement in the terror attacks , police do not rule out the hand of ULFA behind the serial blasts with help from HuJI or jehadi elements . Of the six blasts in Guwahati , RDX was used in two of the explosions , chief minister Tarun Gogoi has said , adding a special task force has been set up to unearth the conspiracy behind the blasts . Assam has witnessed massive ethnic violence since early 1980s and ULFA-sponsored insurgency but this is the first time that a terror attack in the form of serial blasts rocked the state in such a magnitude .