Gujarat Police on Saturday claimed to have busted a pan-India network behind the serial blasts in Ahmedabad and other cities in the country with the arrest of 10 people , including Mufti Abu Bashir -- described as the mastermind behind the explosions . . . Rediff.com broke this news first : Breakthrough in Ahmedabad blasts case . . ` We have almost entirely solved the case . We have arrested 10 people who were involved in the July 26 blasts including the mastermind , Mufti Abu Bashir , ' Gujarat Director General of Police P C Pande said . . . He said most of the arrested persons were part of the banned Students Islamic Movement of India and Bashir , picked up in a joint operation by the Uttar Pradesh and Gujarat Police , had planned out the entire blasts . . . In India , we do n't catch terrorists . . The Indian Mujahideen , which had claimed responsibility for the Ahmedabad blasts , was nothing but ` another form ' of the banned SIMI , he said.Though refusing to give details about other arrested persons , he , however , said that the investigations into the blasts were carried out in a number of states , which included UP , Madhya Pradesh , New Delhi and Karnataka . . . ` In no previous blasts , has the case being completely solved . These arrests may give leads to other blasts that including Jaipur , Hyderabad and Uttar Pradesh , ' the police chief claimed . . . The one billion + cannon-fodder . . Throwing fresh leads to the Hyderabad blasts , Pande claimed that Bashir had stayed in that city for two years prior to the August 2007 blasts . . . About SIMI 's involvement with Pakistan-based Lashker-e-Tayiba , Pande said there had been some leads establishing the same . . . ` One may find links between SIMI-LeT and Pakistan 's ISI as the investigation proceeds , ' he said . . . ISI 's Indianisation of jihad . . The police was also on a look out for Mumbai-based Wipro engineer , alleged to be the co-conspirator in the blasts and his role in sending the email minutes before the blasts was not ruled out . . . Commenting about the Indian Mujahideen , Pande told reporters that it was nothing but an off-shoot created by the hardliners in the SIMI . . . Police said the SIMI cadres were given arms training in the jungles of Kerala in 2006 , which was followed by another round of training at Halol in central Gujarat in January this year . . . ` Terrorism and riots are not interlinked ' . . The arrested militants had made several plans to kidnap or hijack to free Safdar Nagori , an alleged top SIMI activist , arrested in Madhya Pradesh in March this year . . . Later it was decided to carry out a revenge attack as they failed to secure his release legally or through any other nefarious plan . ` Arrest of a mastermind in the city 's serial blasts case is a very important event and we believe that it will uncover many unsolved links to bomb blasts that took place in other parts of the country , ' Pande said . . . The plan for the bomb blasts in Ahmedabad was worked out at a training camp held by SIMI leader Safdar Nagori in Halol taluka of Vadodara in January 2008 , Joint Police Commissioner -LRB- Ahmedabad crime branch -RRB- Ashish Bhatia said . . . Investigators say Indian Mujahideen is SIMI , V2 .0 . . Nagori was arrested by Madhya Pradesh police in March 2008 . . . According to Bhatia , a series of meetings were held to plan the bomb blasts in the city in the month of April , May and June , while the final meeting was held on July 20 , in the city . . . Abu Bashir and other suspects arrested by the police were present in all these meetings where they designed the strategy for execution of their masterplan , Bhatia said , who is also heading the investigations into the serial blasts . . . During the meetings , the suspects had planned details of how , when and where the blasts will occur and also assigned specific duties to each person , he added . . . ` The blasts are a proclamation by terrorists ' . . ` Their strategy was to place small explosives in different places to create panic among people . And then have a powerful explosion at a hospital , where all those injured in the small explosions would be rushing to . So they targeted the city civil hospital , ' Bhatia said . . . The details of the planning were divulged by nine persons arrested by the police , including four from Vadodara and five from Ahmedabad , he added.The nine persons arrested are - Jahid Sheikh , Yunus Mansuri , Shamsuddin Sheikh , Arif Kadri , Gyasuddin , Imran , Usman Agarbattiwala , Iqbal Sheikh and Sajid Mansuri -- all in the age group of 20-25 , police said . . . Pande said that the same persons were involved in planting bombs in Surat . Nearly two dozens of live bombs were planted in Surat city , which were defused . .