The Rajasthan Anti-Terror Squad has arrested the bomb-maker in the Ajmer Dargah blast case . He happens to be a main accused in the Vadodara Best Bakery carnage also . Harshad Bhai Solanki alias Munna alias Raj , belonging to the Hanuman Tekri Katchi Basti of Vadodara , was nabbed in Gujarat and brought here and arrested on Monday . A court here remanded him to police custody till November 9 . Harshad Bhai was an accomplice of Sunil Joshi , main accused in the October 2007 Ajmer blast case and remained with him till the latter was murdered at Dewas in Madhya Pradesh on December 29 , 2007 . Additional Director-General of Police Kapil Garg , who is also in-charge of the ATS , said Harshad played an active role in gathering bomb-making material , assembling them and packaging the bombs to Ajmer . Best Bakery incident Mr. Garg said the accused confessed to his involvement in the Best Bakery incident in which 14 persons were killed in arson by a mob of 500 persons on March 1 , 2002 . He was one of the 21 accused named in the FIR filed by Zahira Sheik , a kin of the victims , at the Pani Gate Police Station in Vadodara a day later . Harshad was acquitted by a fast track court in Gujarat in June 2003 after 16 months of trial along with the other accused , as 37 of the 73 witnesses turned hostile . The Gujarat High Court turned down a plea for appeal . The accused were again put to trial after the National Human Rights Commission took up the case on the basis of the eyewitness accounts from Zahira Sheik and a public interest litigation petition by social activist Teesta Setelwad in the Supreme Court . Absconder In April 2004 , the Supreme Court ordered that the case be tried in Maharashtra . When 17 of the 21 accused in the Best Bakery case could be re-arrested , Harshad managed to escape . He was among the four who were absconding , Mr. Garg said . While sentencing nine of the 17 accused to life term , the Maharashtra court issued arrest warrants against the four absconding . It acquitted eight others . Harshad was working in a team engaged in installation of mobile phone towers . His expertise was in fixing electrical components . It was during the period in hiding that he came across Sunil Joshi and conspired with him to carry out the Dargah blast , Mr. Garg said . OPEN