The Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad on Thursday filed a supplementary charge sheet against Pravin Mutalik before the MCOCA ( Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act ) court in the September 29 , 2008 Malegaon blast case , ATS chief Rakesh Maria told The Hindu . With this , the ATS has chargesheeted 12 accused . Two of them are still wanted . The charge sheet said Pravin Mutalik alias Praveen Venkatesh Takkalki alias Pradeep V. Naik was one of the accused who actually planted explosive devices on an LML Freedom motorcycle , which exploded killing six persons and injuring more than 100 others . Mutalik , who was arrested from Gokak in Karnataka on February 1 , 2011 , has been booked under various sections of the Indian Penal Code , the MCOCA , the Unlawful Activities ( Prevention ) Act , the Explosive Substances Act and the Arms Act . Mutalik has been accused of utilising the organisation , namely Abhinav Bharat , as a front for propagating hatred against people who are against their ideology ; preparing for a government in exile with the ideology of Hindu Rashtra alone , contrary to the secular policy of the government enshrined in the Constitution of India ; preparing for overawing the government ; to threaten the unity , integrity and security of India ; to strike terror in the people by causing explosions ; and conspiring to do away with some members of RSS who are against their ideology . The charge sheet said Mutalik got training in making bombs from Rakesh Dhawade ( who has also been arrested ) at various places including at the Bhosala Military School , Nashik , on the instructions of Lt. Col. Prasad Purohit . Mutalik stayed at the house of Sudhakar Chaturvedi in Deolali , Nashik , where the explosives were assembled . While giving reasons for slapping the MCOCA on the 12 accused , the ATS said : Members of this organised crime syndicate have been committing bomb blasts from 2003 ... The accused have procured , acquired and transported a huge amount of money , arms and ammunition for continuing their unlawful activities ... Mutalik attended a conspiracy meeting arranged by Lt. Col. Purohit in Nashik . He tried to induct youth in the Abhinav Bharat for ammunition training . Lt. Col. Purohit wanted to make use of Mutalik under the banner of the Abhinav Bharat by organising training camps for like-minded youth to adopt his ideology and also to commit terrorist activities in retaliation for bomb explosions committed by Muslims , the charge sheet stated . OPEN