Less than four months after a mysterious bomb went off in the parking lot , a powerful blast ripped through the reception counter of the Delhi High Court complex in the heart of the capital on Wednesday , leaving at least 11 people dead and more than 75 injured . Even as a red alert was sounded in the city , an email sent to various media organisations claimed responsibility for the blast on behalf of the Harkat-ul-Jihadi . ' The claim , sent from harkatuljihadi2011@gmail.com, threatened similar blasts at the Supreme Court and other major High Courts if the Parliament attack case convict Afzal Guru 's death sentence was not repealed . ( sic ) . While 57 of the injured have been admitted to the Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital , others have been referred to the Sir Ganga Ram Hospital , the Apollo Hospital , the Safdarjung Hospital , the Moolchand Hospital and the JPNA Trauma Centre of the AIIMS . The identity of all the deceased , including a 55-year-old woman and three elderly men , has been established . Compensation Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit announced that Rs . 4 lakh in compensation would be paid to the families of the deceased , Rs . 2 lakh to those who suffered permanent incapacitation , Rs . 1 lakh to those with serious injury , and Rs . 10,000 for those who suffered minor injury . A preliminary analysis of the samples collected from the spot has suggested that a mixture of some plastic explosive , such as PETN , and ammonium nitrate had been used to configure the bomb kept in a briefcase . However , the exact composition will be established through proper laboratory tests , said a senior officer . It all happened at 10.14 a.m. when scores of litigants had queued up at the reception desk counters , adjacent to Gate No. 5 , to collect entry passes . The deafening explosion created a two-foot crater on the cemented platform , blew off the tin roof and sent splinters flying in all directions . All those standing in a five-metre radius were knocked off their feet . According to eyewitnesses , the bomb was probably planted in the briefcase placed near a stone bench on the right side of the reception desk . Based on the descriptions provided by two eyewitnesses , the police prepared two sketches of the suspects . A witness claimed that he saw one of the suspects , wearing kurta-pyjama , fleeing towards Purana Qila and he tried to chase him , but the man escaped . Rahul Gupta , a visibly shaken public interest litigation litigant , said : I was about to collect my pass when I heard a loud explosion that shook the earth . There was smoke all around . I saw people lying on the ground , some piled up on each other . They were all covered in blood , their clothes torn into shreds . Pieces of clothes were hanging from a tree over the reception desk . Some had lost their limbs . I escaped with splinter injuries in the right hand . As many as 22 police control room vans reached the spot and swiftly removed the injured to hospitals with the help of lawyers and volunteers . The area was cordoned off and the site covered with a plastic sheet to protect the evidence from rain . Officers of the National Investigation Agency and the Delhi Police , personnel of the National Disaster Response Force and bomb experts of the National Security Guard rushed to the site to gather evidence . No CCTVs The police found that no closed-circuit television cameras had been installed at any of the entry gates . Union Home Minister P. Chidambaram visited the site around 1 p.m. Later in the evening , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh went to the Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital to enquire about the injured . A case has been registered by the Special Cell of the Delhi Police . While efforts are on to identify those behind the attack , the blast is being perceived as a sequel to an ammonium nitrate-fuelled , low-intensity explosion which occurred outside Gate No. 7 of the High Court on May 25 . No one was injured in that incident . The case remains unsolved . OPEN