The sensational turnaround of the 2007 Mecca Masjid bomb blast case investigations has punctured another hole into the veracity of narco analysis tests . Despite the enthusiasm shown by police for these tests to investigate complex crimes , the courts have always been circumspect . After the blast that killed 14 persons , including five in subsequent police firing on a riotous mob on May 18 , the Hyderabad Police had picked up several Muslim youths for interrogation , besides booking six based on narco test reports . Three years later , first the Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI ) and later the National Investigating Agency ( NIA ) had confirmed the involvement of as many as nine right wing activists . Before that police conducted narco analysis tests on Ibrahim Ali Junaid , Sheik Abdul Kaleem , Imran , Majid , Kareem and Arshad , all residents of Hyderabad , at the Bowring and Lady Curzon Hospital , Bangalore , to establish their role in the blast . A perusal of one of the reports ( scanned copy available ) filed after the test was done on Kaleem , unambiguously indicates that he had confessed to his involvement in the crime . In fact , the Madivala Forensic Science Laboratory ( FSL ) , in a communication to the Joint Commissioner of Police , Special Investigation Cell ( SIC ) on September 21 , 2007 , stated that Kaleem had appeared to be concealing some relevant information with regard to a suspected case of terrorist activity in Mecca Masjid , during the polygraph examination . He was also subjected to narco analysis test at the Bowring and Lady Curzon Hospital , where Kaleem in a state of trance was reported to have given a detailed description of his accomplices fabricating bombs and they fleeing to Pakistan or Bangladesh . He also mentions Salim Bhardhwa , another accomplice , and the role of an ISI agent , Salim , who was supposed to be a friend of Shahid Bilal ( reportedly killed in a Karachi shoot-out ) . Dr. S. Malini , Assistant Director , Forensic Psychology Division , FSL , Madivala , had signed the letter . Ibrahim Ali Junaid , then a Unani medicine student , too was subjected to the test . When contacted , Dr. Junaid claimed that he was subjected to the test for a week in Bangalore by a six-member team , and that each test lasted 90 minutes . After he was acquitted by the court , Dr. Junaid opened a clinic in Gulshan Iqbal Colony in Hafeezbaba Nagar . Debunking the test results a few years later and rather stunningly , the CBI and the NIA have come to the conclusion that the perpetrators of the blast were of a different colour . The CBI had first arrested Devender Gupta and Lokesh Sharma in June 2010 , and five months later Swami Aseemanand alias Naba Kumar too was held . Interestingly , the six of the Hyderabadi suspects were acquitted in the case , and the Andhra Pradesh Government had paid compensation to them also . The NIA , which took up the case in 2011 , had named six others in the blast : Sandeep V. Dange , Ramachandra Kalsangra , Sunil Joshi , Bharat Mohanlal Rateswar , Rajendra Chaudhary and Tejaram . While Sandeep Dange and Ramachandra Kalsangra are still absconding , Sunil Joshi is no more . So , where does this leave the status of narco analysis tests ? Despite the enthusiasm shown by police for narco analysis tests to investigate complex crimes , courts have always been circumspect about them OPEN