The arrest of some important Indian Mujahideen ( IM ) operatives in quick succession , the latest being one of its alleged co-founder Yasin Bhatkal , is being seen as a major success for Indian intelligence agencies , particularly the Intelligence Bureau ( IB ) , in dismantling the terror group that is responsible for some of major terror attacks across India in recent years . Through these arrests , the agencies have managed to dent funding and operational capabilities of the terror group to great extend . For instance , Yasin Bhatkal , who was arrested along with Asadullah Akhtar , who hails from Azamgarh in Uttar Pradesh , were IMs main operative who were expert in bomb-making and in carrying out operations . Similarly , another IM terrorist Adbul Sattar , who was deported by the UAE earlier this month , used to hold camps and was a hawala operative . He trained IM operatives and arranged funds for the organisation , says the National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) charge sheet . But after his involvement in terror cases was revealed , he fled to the Gulf country in 2007 . Then , in May last year India managed to get hold of Sayed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal from IGI Airport in Delhi when he was travelling from Saudi Arabia on a Pakistani passport . He was reportedly deported from Saudi Arabia , though the government denied it . Apart from other cases of terror , he is alleged to be one of the terrorists who were sitting in the Karachi control room and coordinating 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks . He was an important LeT operative who was also having close links with the IM , and his job was to raise cadre and sources funds for terror operations . Again in May 2012 , India registered a diplomatic victory of sorts when it managed to convince Saudi Arabia government to deport Fasih Mahmood , another alleged IM operative who was involved in at least two bomb blasts . He was not only an alleged indoctrinator for the terror group but also a fund raiser . Another important arrest this month was that of Abdul Karim Tunda from a location near the Indo-Nepal border . An LeT operative involved in many bomb blasts in the 1990s , Tunda was also close to one of Indias most wanted terrorist Dawood Ibrahim . He was reportedly working in a madarsa and looking for people to recruit in his organisation besides arranging for funds . These arrests have been made possible due to intelligence gathering and sharing between various intelligence and security agencies ... The coordination between of the IB and the Research & Analysis Wing proved to be very crucial in these arrests , said a senior intelligence official . OPEN