Mumbai Bureau . . Explosives planted in bakery frequented by foreigners . . MUMBAI : In a major terror strike after the November 26 , 2008 carnage in Mumbai , nine persons including four foreigners , all women , were killed and over 40 injured in a bomb blast which ravaged the famous German Bakery on North Main Avenue in Punes Koregaon Park near the Osho Ashram around 7.30 p.m. on Saturday . Unofficial figures put the number of injured at 50 . . . Initially the police said it was a gas cylinder blast , but the explosion is now suspected to be an improvised explosive device -LRB- IED -RRB- using an ammonium nitrate fuel oil mix , with RDX as a booster , police sources said . About 7 kg explosives may have been used . The bodies were charred beyond recognition . Chief Minister Ashok Chavan said preliminary reports indicated that it was a bomb blast . . . An eyewitness who was travelling in an autorickshaw said he heard a loud explosion and blacked out . Another eyewitness said bodies were scattered and more than 10 were seen at the site . Four shops were damaged near the bakery , which has been there for 22 years . . . The bag containing the bomb was said to be under a table , according to one account , and a waiter is said to have tried to open it . This caused the explosion which devastated the bakery , located near the Jewish Chabad House . A customer said he heard the blast , but escaped unhurt . There were bodies lying all around , he said . . . Sources said the bakery was close to a hotel where Lashkar-e-Taiba operative David Headley had stayed while visiting Osho Ashram . However , Headley did not recce this bakery . . . Soon after the blast , an unidentified bag was found in an autorickshaw . It contained 7 kg of explosives . . . The Anti-Terrorism Squad -LRB- ATS -RRB- has also reached Pune , apart from forensic experts . The National Investigation Agency -LRB- NIA -RRB- will reach there by Sunday . . . The blast has sent shockwaves in Pune , prompting a high alert in Mumbai and other cities in Maharashtra . The police have been asked to look out for unattended baggage . . . Joint Commissioner of Police Rajendra Sonawane said that prima facie it looked like a bomb blast . . . Congress city president Abhay Chhajed confirmed the number of deaths . I myself have seen six bodies at the Sassoon Hospital . There are more at other hospitals . He said the injured had been taken to Ruby Hall , Jehangir , Budhrani and Sassoon hospitals in the city . . . The bakery is a popular spot with foreign tourists . Six or eight of the injured are said to be foreign nationals . . . Mr. Chavan has announced ex gratia payment of Rs . 1 lakh to each of the families of the deceased and Rs . 50,000 for the injured . . . Security for the Indian and South African cricket teams has been tightened . The second test match is beginning in Kolkata on Sunday . . . Pune MP Suresh Kalmadi said : I appeal to the people of Pune to be calm . Minister of State for Home Ramesh Bagwe , who is at the site , has confirmed to me that it was bomb blast . Further details are awaited . . . Union Agriculture Minister Sharad Pawar and other leaders have appealed for calm after the incident .