It 's been a manic Monday in Assam as a total of four blasts have ripped through the state , killing eight people and injuring over 60 . The first one took place in Karbi-Anglong close to the BSF camp , the second and most lethal in Guwahati 's Maligaon area . Thereafter there was a blast in Dhekia-juli in Sonitpur district.The blasts came a day ahead of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's rally in the state and on the eve of the banned ULFA 's Raising Day on April 7 . Deaths in Guwahati In Guwahati , a car bomb exploded in the market , leaving at least six people dead and dozens more injured.Assam DGP J M Srivastav said seven people were killed and 56 injured when a powerful bomb blast went off in Maligaon at around 2:00 p.m. , sparking a fire that set ablaze two cars and 20 motorcycles and spread to a three-storey building housing the area police station.The blast triggered a huge fire and destroyed two dozen mobikes . Black smoke billowed out after the bomb , suspected to have been hidden in a car or a motorcycle , went off at 2 p.m. adjacent to the Northeast Frontier railway headquarters . The blast which is the second in a week in Guwahati , comes a day ahead of the banned ULFA 's raising day . The first bomb was planted in the vehicle in a parking lot near Ma Santoshi Cabin restaurant close to the Kali Mandir in commercial Maligaon Chariali area when it was crowded with shoppers and children returning home from school . One of the victims was a student of the Maligaon Primary School . The students were coming out of the school when the bomb went off . Two of the dead were identified as Mousum Khatun and Bhupen Kumar . The injured were admitted to the nearby Sanjivani Hospital , N F Railway hospital , M M C Civil Hospital and Guwahati Medical College Hospital , the sources said . People angered over repeated blasts since October last year attacked the police and their vehicles . They were also annoyed that the recently launched ` Mrintunjoy 108 ' emergency service ambulances failed to arrive on time even after being informed . The blast site was cordoned off by the security forces suspecting more bombs could be hidden there . DIG G P Singh said ULFA 's 709 battlaion could be responsible for the explosion . ULFA regularly resorts to such blasts in the state on the eve of their ` Raising Day ' as a show of strength.Karbi Anglong blastJust hours before the car bomb attack in Guwahati , another low intensity bomb had exploded near a BSF camp in Karbi Anglong district of central Assam . There were no serious injuries reported.The blast is suspected to be the handiwork of ethnic militant outfit , Karbi Longri National Liberation Front ( KLNLF ) . The KLNLF militants triggered the improvised explosive device at the BSF camp when the paramilitary troops were out patrolling the streets . The KLNLF has now called 36-hour bandh in Karbi Anglong and North Cachar Hills districts . The militants have claimed carrying out this blast to avenge the killing of their cadres by security forces.Sonitpur attackThe pain and panic of Guwahati blast had not even settled in and people were still coping with the chaos when another bomb went off in a span of just over an hour . The third blast took place at Dhekia-juli in Sonitpur district . This time the bomb was placed on a bicycle parked close to a police station . Three people are reported to have been injured in the blast . Meanwhile , the security forces have cordoned off the blast site suspecting that there could be more bombs . Dhekia-juli is about 150 km north of Assam 's main city of Guwahati.Dhubri attackTwo police personnel have been killed and two injured in a blast in Manikchar area of Dhubri district.with input from agencies .