The Uttar Pradesh Government on Saturday announced an increase in the compensation for victims of Fridays multiple blasts in Varanasi , Faizabad and Lucknow that claimed the lives of at least 15 people , including four lawyers , and injured over 80 . . . Lucknow , Nov 24 : The Uttar Pradesh Government on Saturday announced an increase in the compensation for victims of Friday 's multiple blasts in Varanasi , Faizabad and Lucknow that claimed the lives of at least 15 people , including four lawyers , and injured over 80 . . . Uttar Pradesh Principal Secretary ( Home ) J. N. Chamber said that Chief Minister Mayawati has increased the compensation keeping in view `` the economic condition of the families of the victims '' . . The kin of each of the dead would get five lakh rupees , while one lakh rupees is to be paid to each of the severely injured and those who sustained minor injuries will get 50,000 rupees each , said Chamber . . . Mayawati had on Friday announced a compensation of Rs . 2 lakh to the next of kin to each of those killed and Rs .50,000 for those injured in the incidents . . . Condoling the loss of lives in the blasts and expressing concern for the injured , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , on Friday , also announced an ex-gratia relief of one lakh rupees for the next of the kin of the dead and Rs .50,000 for the seriously injured from the Prime Minister 's National Relief Fund . . . Meanwhile , the Uttar Pradesh police released the sketches of two suspects believed to be behind the blasts . . . The sketches were prepared based on the statements of eyewitnesses , including a cycle-store owner and a cycle-stand employee . . . The Deputy Inspector General ( DIG ) P P Srivastav released the sketch of a 25-year-old youth wearing spectacles who had allegedly picked up a bicycle from the cycle stand at the railway station and after loading it with explosives allegedly kept it in the compound of the Faizabad civil court . . . `` The person purchased the cycle which was found at the site of the incident and was parked at the stand . There is also a possibility that there may be two different persons involved , one purchased the cycle and the other used it for the purpose , '' said A K Jain , Inspector General ( IG ) of Lucknow zone . . . The state police last night released sketches of three suspects believed to behind the blasts in Lucknow and Faizabad courts . . . The sketch of the suspect who purchased the bicycle from a shop on Thursday and kept it at the railway station stand was among the three sketches released last night . . . Meanwhile , Special Task Force has been asked to probe the near-simultaneous blasts in court premises at Varanasi , Faizabad and Lucknow . . . Six bombs - three in Varansi , two in Faizabad and one in Lucknow - some planted on cycles , went off within a span of 15 minutes . . . The blasts came a week after the Uttar Pradesh police along with central security agencies busted a Jaish-e-Mohammed module , which wanted to target Congress leader Rahul Gandhi . . . addthis_url = location.href ; addthis_title = document.title ; addthis_pub = ` vijaytech ' ; . . a36 ( ) ; . . .