NEW DELHI : Eleven people were killed and at least 76 others were injured in a powerful blast outside Delhi high court gate number 5 on Wednesday morning . The blast took place at around 10.15 am . Home secretary RK Singh told reporters the explosives were placed in a briefcase at the high court reception where hundreds of people come through every day to attend court cases . At the time of explosion around 200 people , mostly litigants were present at the gate in a quee to get their passes made to enter the court . There were several lawyers also present at the site . Later , a mail purportedly written by Bangladesh-based terror outfit Harkat-ul-Jehadi Islami -LRB- HuJI -RRB- was sent to some media houses claiming responsibility . The mail claimed the explosion was carried out to demand repeal of death sentence of Afzal Guru , a condemned prisoner in Parliament attack . The government is investigating the email . Severed limbs and pieces of flesh lay strewn on the ground where there were pools of blood after the deafening explosion that dug a small crater outside the reception area . CCTVs to monitor visitors were not reportedly installed . This is for the second time in less than four months that the Delhi high court has been targeted . No one was injured in the previous explosion on May 25 . Delhi Police have released sketches of two people suspected of planting the bomb in a suitcase outside the court , just two km away from Parliament House . Special secretary -LRB- Internal Security -RRB- UK Bansal said preliminary probe indicated possible use of nitrate-based explosives laced with PETN . PETN , short for pentaerythritol trinitrate , is a chemical explosive that has a long history of terrorist use . The probe into the blast was handed over by Government to the National Investigation Agency -LRB- NIA -RRB- whose Chief S C Sinha said a 20-member team headed by a DIG has been formed . Home minister P Chidambaram said the blast was of ` high intensity ' and called it a ` terrorist attack ' . The previous major terror attack in the Capital was on September 13 , 2008 when a series of five synchronised bomb blasts took place within a span of few minutes at various locations in Delhi . 30 people were killed and over 100 injured in this strike . -LRB- With inputs from PTI -RRB- .