Bindu Shajan Perappadan . . Anxious wait for relatives outside AIIMS Trauma Centre . . NEW DELHI : It was a replay of the September 13 horror and pain in the Capital . Anxious relatives of those injured in Saturdays bomb blast in the Mehrauli flower market gathered outside the Trauma Centre of the All-India Institute of Medical Sciences for information about their kin . . . The Trauma Centre admitted the bulk of the patients injured in the blast . . . Nine-year-old Santosh was brought dead to the hospital . We have 15 patients under our care , of whom 10 are critical . Five have already been operated upon , said Trauma Centre Medical Superintendent M. C. Misra . . . We have not been able to ascertain the identity of four persons and they have been listed as unknown for now . All the patients who have come to us have sharp splinter injuries in the abdomen , head , chest and spine . Their condition is being monitored closely . . . Two of the injured are being treated in a private hospital in the city , while another is undergoing treatment in the Safdarjung Hospital . . . No shortage of blood . . Dr. Misra said the hospital was not facing shortage of blood . We appeal to the general public not to come in large numbers to donate blood , but to leave their phone numbers with the hospital and be prepared to donate blood when called to do so . . . Among the several people waiting outside the Trauma Centre , Anjali Rao said : I am here looking for my nephews Raju and Monty who had recently come here from Punjab . They went to the market to buy flowers . I heard about the blast and when the two failed to show up even an hour after the blast we were worried . We are now looking for them in various city hospitals . . . Attendants of other patients admitted to the AIIMS were not allowed to meet their relatives owing to heavy security . . . It is the common man who suffers every time . We cant understand what danger we can pose to politicians who have come here to meet the blast victims . We have waited all day to see our relatives and because of the security needs of the political leaders we are not being allowed inside , complained Raman Prasad , whose wife is undergoing treatment at the Trauma Centre .