Guwahati : A bomb planted by suspected separatist rebels in a crowded market killed one person and wounded 12 others yesterday in the main city of India 's remote northeast , police said . . . Rebels also set off three other bombs in the state of Assam , wounding two more people and destroying a stretch of railway tracks in a series of attacks ahead of the country 's Republic Day celebrations . . . No group has claimed responsibility for the explosions , although police suspect the United Liberation Front of Asom , or Ulfa , a rebel group fighting for a separate homeland in the state of Assam . . . Police said the bomb was placed in a tin container and left in a shop in a market in central Guwahati , the capital of Assam . . . The toll from the blast could have been worse but for an alert shopkeeper who spotted the suspicious object and tried to throw it into a drain , said S.N. Singh , the city 's police superintendent . The shopkeeper was killed . `` It went off in his hands , '' Singh said . . . Separatists have stepped up attacks in January , killing more than 70 people in a spate of shootings and bombings . . . Early yesterday , a bomb went off on a railroad track as a goods train passed near Diphu in southern Assam , damaging the track but causing no injuries , said T. Rabha , a railroad spokesman . The blast , which led to suspension of train services for nearly eight hours , occurred just before a packed passenger train from New Delhi , the Kamrup Express , was to pass through the area , Rabha said . . . Diphu is nearly 350km south of Guwahati . . . Also yesterday , an improvised explosive device went off under a road bridge in Bongaigon , a town 200km south of Guwahati , but caused no injures , police said . . . A day earlier , suspected rebels hurled a hand grenade in a market in Changsari , 40km west of Guwahati , said R.N. Mathur , the state police chief . . . The Ulfa has urged people in the state to boycott the national day celebrations . India 's Republic Day marks the adoption of the country 's constitution in 1950 . . . The Ulfa is believed to be behind the killings of more than 60 people , most of them migrant labourers in Tinsukhia district , earlier this month .