The building in Burdwan where an explosion occurred on October 2Kolkata : The blast in West Bengal 's Burdwan district has raised a question in intelligence circles . Is there a joint venture between Bangladeshi and Indian terror outfits ? Most experts say the answer is a resounding yes . If the external outfit is the Jamaat-e-Mujahideen Bangladesh -LRB- JMB -RRB- , what are some of the Indian groups linked to it , groups which have helped JMB set up its network and bomb-making units in Bengal ? Shakil Ahmed aka Shakil Gazi , the man who died in the Burdwan blast on October 2 , is believed to be a Bangladeshi . Before setting up the bomb-making unit in Burdwan , he used to live in Murshidabad district 's Beldanga with his wife and child , where he ran a burqa-making factory.Interrogation of his widow , who was arrested from the blast site , and intelligence inputs suggest he was a member of the JMB which entered into a joint venture with Indian terror groups to set up shop in Bengal . `` This was definitely a joint venture between at least two groups of terrorists , if not three , '' says Subir Bhaumik , a journalist who has been a long-time Bangladesh watcher . `` The JMB was definitely involved , from all evidence , This was actually something that was happening over a period of time . `` Manash Ghosh of the Statesman newspaper agreed as well . `` No doubt about it . It is absolutely sure . I hope our investigating agencies are able to unearth the nexus . On the ground , we can see it happening , '' said Mr Ghosh.Names of many Indian terror groups have surfaced in connection with the blasts , including the Indian Mujahideen , Al Jihad , Al Ummah and even SIMI.But why would JMB want to make bombs in Bengal for export to Bangladesh ? Dhaka watchers suggest that Shiekh Hasina made it impossible for the JMB to function in Bangladesh after is ban in 2005 . `` It was getting too hot for Jamaat to operate in Bangladesh , '' said Mr Ghosh . `` Many of their cadres were getting killed in crossfire , in encounters with rapid action battalions of Sheikh Hasina government . `` A probe by the National Investigation Agency is currently underway into the October 2 blast . .