View PhotosJaipur , May 14 : Terror struck the Pink City for the first time this evening , as a series of seven powerful blasts were triggered in a span of 12 minutes in crowded markets and near religious places , killing at least 67 people and injuring nearly 200 others . State Home Minister Gulab Chand Kataria and hospital sources confirmed the number of fatalities . . . Apart from the Sawai Madhav Singh Hospital , where 55 bodies were kept in the mortuary , arrangements for treatment and post-mortems of the victims were also made at the Santokhba Durlabhji Hospital and Sanganeri Gate Mahila Hospital , state Health Minister Narpat Singh Rajvi said . The condition of 20 injured , who were admitted to SMS hospital , was stated to be critical . . . Rajasthan Director General of Police A S Gill said nobody had so far claimed responsibility for the explosions but prima facie they appeared to be the handiwork of some terror outfits . Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje , who was in Jodhpur , immediately rushed back to the state capital after hearing news of the blasts and spoke to senior police officials regarding the incident . . . According to police , the blasts occurred at seven places while a live bomb was defused at one place . The blasts occurred between 1935 hrs and 1947 hrs near religious places in Chandpol , Hawamahal , Sanganeri Gate , near City Kotwali , Maniharon Ka Rasta , Manak Chowk Khanda and LMB Hotel Johri Bazar areas . . . At least three blasts took place near religious places where a large number of devotees were present to offer obeisance in the evening . The nature of the bombs and explosives could not be ascertained immediately . Most of the bombs were planted in vehicles , including cars , auto-rickshaws and cycle-rickshaws . . . The state government announced a relief of Rs five lakh to the next of kin of each of those killed , Rs one lakh for those critically wounded and Rs 25,000 for the other injured . . . High alert across the country . . A high alert was sounded and security heightened across various states in the wake of the blasts . In Delhi , intelligence sources said Bangladesh-based militant organisation HUJI was suspected to be behind the Jaipur serial blasts . . . They said HUJI had reportedly penetrated the Indian hinterland and had sleeper cells in many towns and cities . President Pratibha Patil , Vice-President Hamid Ansari and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh denounced the blasts , terming them as reprehensible , and expressed grief at the huge loss of lives . While deploring the blasts , Ms Patil requested people to maintain peace and harmony . . . Dr Singh assured full support to the Rajasthan government and assistance to the affected families . He also spoke to Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje over the telephone and offered all possible assistance in probing the explosions . Union Home Minister Shivraj Patil , who was on a visit to the North East , rushed back to the national capital tonight in the wake of the serial blasts . . . Congress President and UPA Chairperson Sonia Gandhi denounced the blasts and condoled the tragic loss of lives , calling it a crime against humanity . The BJP said the spurt in terror attacks was a direct fallout of '' a weak Prime Minister and a cowardly Home Minister '' . . . The United States also condemned the blasts , saying there could be no justification for such a murderous assault on innocent people . US Ambassador to India David Mulford , while describing the bombings as '' vicious '' , expressed deepest sympathies with the victims ' families . . . Panic gripped the entire walled city after the blasts and rampage broke out as people started running helter skelter for their homes . Shopkeepers closed their shutters in panic in the walled city market . . . The Rapid Action Force ( RAF ) has been deployed at various points in the city as a precautionary measure . Roads leading to the scenes of the blasts were sealed off and people were advised to stay indoors . There were traffic jams at several points . . . .