Pandemonium ruled as serial blasts rocked India 's Silicon Valley today . The low-intensity bomb blasts that exploded in different crowded locations saw two people dead and several injured . The seven near-simultaneous blasts had a shell-shocked IT community initiating enhanced security measures across locations in Bangalore . . . Biocon chairman and managing director Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw said , `` This is a real wake-up call and we need to keep track of people coming in and out of the city . Terrorists have started outsmarting our intelligence networks so the solutions lie in adopting high-end technology . The police need to have an audit done of our security systems . '' . . It is for the first time that the country 's IT capital witnessed a terror attack of such proportions . In 2005 , terrorists had attacked the Indian Institute of Science complex . A Delhi IIT professor was killed and four persons injured in the firing . . . Today 's blasts , which occurred between 1.30 pm and 1.45 pm , shows the need to keep constant vigil and be better-prepared . A Wipro spokesperson said , `` We have initiated enhanced security measures as per our standard operating procedure across locations . None of our employees or facilities have been affected . '' . . PTI reports say the seven near-simultaneous blasts occurred due to crude bombs that were concealed near refugee camps and roadside stuffed with nuts and bolts . They exploded during the busy lunch hour at different crowded locations . Four of the blasts were between Hosur Road and Madiwala ; the other three at Nayandahalli , Vittal Mallya Road and Richmond Circle , City Police Commissioner Shankar Bidari told reporters . . . Following the blast , local mobile networks were jammed with people left in the lurch.An Infosys spokesperson said , `` All our employees are safe and there has been no impact on our business operations . We are in touch with the police department to and will remain fully alert . We have increased security on our campus . '' . . Traffic snarls and chaos took over as people scurried home . But the common man was caught in the eye of the storm as schools closed early and people found it difficult to find transport to ferry them home . People like Leslie Gomes , a software engineer who was out with a group of friends in one of Bangalore 's popular hangouts-Brigade Road , the news of the blast came as a shock . . . `` We got the call around 1.35 but we thought one of our friends was playing the fool . But slowly we saw people in our restaurant pack food and leave . That is when it struck us that the news might be true . '' . . The state welfare minister Shoba has announced a solatium of Rs one lakh to the family of the deceased woman and said the government would bear the medical expenses of those injured . . . However for people on the street this will come as little solace . As Manjula Sharan , a mother of two , who was taking her children home said , `` For now , I am going to try and keep my family safe at home , and pray we do not have a situation like this . '' .