Sushanta Talukdar . . Little known Islamist outfit claims responsibility . . Guwahati : A little known terrorist outfit the Islamic Security Force -LRB- Indian Mujahideen -RRB- on Friday claimed responsibility for Thursdays serial blasts in Assam and warned of more such attacks in the State and in the rest of the country . . . Union Home Minister Shivraj Patil arrived in the State to take stock of the situation and review the security measures in the wake the blasts . Soon after his arrival at the Lokpriya Gopinath Bardoloi international airport here , Mr. Patil flew to the others places in Lower Assam where the blasts occurred Kokrajhar , Barpeta road and Bongaingaon and returned to the city in the afternoon . . . Mr. Patil reviewed the situation at a high-level meeting with Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi and top security officials . He said it was too early to speculate on the perpetrators of the blasts ; besides doing so would adversely affect the investigation . He , however , gave the assurance that those responsible for the blasts would be severely punished . . . Meanwhile , the death toll has gone up to 75 , with 12 more dying of injuries in city hospitals and one in Kokrajhar . The death toll in the city has gone up to 43 . . . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress President Sonia Gandhi are scheduled to arrive in the State on Saturday to take stock of the situation and visit the blast sites . . . A local television news channel News Live claimed to have received an SMS saying : We ISF -LRB- IM -RRB- take the responsibility of yesterdays blast . We warn all of Assam and India of situations like this in future . We thank all our holy members and partners . Ameen . . . Managing Editor of News Live Syed Zarir Hussain told The Hindu that the input desk of the news channel received the SMS purportedly sent from a cell-phone -LRB- No. 98640-93690 -RRB- at 5.12 p.m. . . Principal Secretary -LRB- Home -RRB- Subhas Das said the police were studying the message . . . The Assam police , in its initial report to the Home Department , said the needle of suspicion pointed to Islamic terror outfits , the Harkat-ul Jihadi Islami -LRB- HUJI -RRB- and the Jamaat-ul Mujahideen Bangladesh -LRB- JMB -RRB- . Based on initial forensic findings , the police said car bombs were used in the all three places in the city and plastic explosives were used to maximise collateral damage . A team of explosives experts of the NSG collected evidence from the sites . . . The State government has ordered a Special Task Force , headed by Inspector-General -LRB- STF -RRB- R. Chandranthan , to probe all aspects of the serial blast and chargesheet those involved . . . The city witnessed anger and outrage on the streets for the second consecutive day , prompting the police to burst teargas shells and use force . . . Earlier , speaking to reporters briefly at the Kokrajhar blast site , Mr. Patil said he had asked the State government to take the strongest possible action against those responsible for the blasts . I have come to share your grief . I extend my sympathy to all those who have suffered . I offer condolences to the families who lost their lives .