The death toll from yesterday 's wave of bombings in the Indian city of Ahmedabad has risen to 45 , a government official said today . . . Jaynarayan Vyas said 161 people were injured when 16 separate small bombs went off in several parts of the city , which has a history of violent clashes between the Hindu majority and Muslim minority . He also said that 30 people had been arrested in connection with the explosions , which came a day after seven synchronised explosions rocked the southern city of Bangalore , the hub of India 's burgeoning information technology industry , killing two and wounding five others . . . Yesterday 's attacks in Ahmedabad happened in two waves early in the evening local time . Some of the devices were hidden in lunchboxes or bicycles . The first series exploded near busy market places . The second , about 20 minutes later , went off in and around a hospital where casualties were being taken . At least six people died there . . . ` We saw a blue bag near the trauma centre , and before we could react we saw it explode in a shine of blinding light , and some 40 people were hit by flying shrapnel , ' said Vipul Patil , a doctor at the Dhanwantari hospital . . . The side of a bus was blown off and its windows shattered while another vehicle was engulfed in flames . . . Prithviraj Chavan , a junior in the prime minister 's office , called yesterday 's bombings `` deplorable '' and said they were set off by people `` bent upon creating a communal divide in the country '' . That is the sort of language officials tend to use when blaming Islamic militants suspected of being behind a series of coordinated bomb attacks across the country in recent years . Targets have included mosques , Hindu temples and trains . . . ` Anti-national elements have been trying to create panic among the people of our country . [ The ) blasts in Ahmadebad seem to be part of the same strategy , ' the federal home minister , Shivraj Patil , said . . . Several television stations said they had received an email claiming responsibility from a group called the Indian Mujahideen at the time of yesterday 's blasts . The same group said it was behind bombs in Jaipur , western India , in May that killed more than 60 people . The email made no mention of Friday 's bombings in Bangalore , according to reports . . . Narendra Modi , the chief minister of Gujarat state , which includes Ahmedabad , condemned the blasts as `` a crime against humanity '' and said the group or groups behind them were `` using a similar modus operandi all over the country '' . The state government home Minister Amit Shah said : `` The government had received a threat email , and we are probing it . '' . . Tension between Hindus and Muslims is acute in Gujarat , a relatively wealthy state . It was the scene of riots in 2002 that left about 2,500 people dead . They were triggered by a fire on a train packed with Hindu pilgrims that killed 60 passengers . The cause was never proven , but Hindu extremists blamed the deaths on Muslims and reacted by rampaging through Muslim areas . . . .