Sushanta Talukdar . . Strategy Group of the Unified Command to intensify counter insurgency operations . . ULFA mount attacks for third consecutive dayPolice party attacked in Tinsukia district . . Guwahati : Suspected militants of the United Liberation Front of Asom -LRB- ULFA -RRB- blew up railway tracks in Sivasagar district and attacked a police party in Tinsukia district on Sunday , injuring two policemen and a civilian , and continuing its attacks for the third consecutive day . . . Militants blew up a railway track between Borhat and Sapekhati in Sivasagar district early on Sunday morning by triggering a remote controlled bomb , disrupting train services in upper Assam . . . Suspected ULFA militants lobbed a grenade at a police party at Makum in Tinsukia district around 7.30 p.m. , in which two policemen and a civilian were injured , said Inspector-General of Police -LRB- Special Branch -RRB- Khagen Sharma . . . Chief Public Relations Officer , Northeast Frontier Railway , Trikalagya Rabha , said the blast on the railway track occurred around 5.40 a.m. damaging about one metre of railway tracks . The Tinsukia-bound Kamrup Express had passed the targeted portion about 15 minutes before the blast occurred . The train services along this section were restored in the afternoon after the tracks were repaired around 1 . 30 p.m. , he added . . . More forces to be sought . . The Strategy Group of the Unified Command , which met here on Sunday evening , decided to intensify counter insurgency operations . . . It also decided to seek additional forces from the Centre for increasing area domination by security forces in the State in view of the increased activities of the ULFA . . . After the meeting , Assam Chief Secretary S. Kabilan told The Hindu that the Strategy Group decided to intensify security measures after a review of the prevailing situation . The Chief Secretary heads the Strategy Group of the three-tier command structure of the Army , Assam Police and Central paramilitary forces engaged in synergised counter-insurgency operations . . . Mr. Kabilan said additional forces would be sought as reinforcements , as some forces were withdrawn and redeployed elsewhere during the recent Assembly elections . . . ` It is not possible to guard every inch or cover every person . Hence for preventing the militants from carrying out further attacks the presence of security forces would be enlarged for area domination , ' he added . . . Asked if there was any rethinking on the recommendation by the Assam Government for releasing arrested ULFA leaders to facilitate dialogue , the Chief Secretary said : ` We have already given our recommendation to the Centre . It is now up to the Centre to take a decision in this regard . ' . . Threat to scribes condemned . . The Journalists ' Union of Assam -LRB- JUA -RRB- on Sunday condemned the United Liberation Front of Asom -LRB- ULFA -RRB- for its recent threat to four Guwahati-based journalists . . . ULFA chief Paresh Barua in a statement on Saturday threatened the four journalists , including former editor of The Sentinel and former chairman , Editors ' Guild of India D.N.Bezboruah and Executive Editor of Amar Asom Prasanta Rajguru for trying to expose the eroding support for the outfit . . . The JUA , affiliated to the Indian Journalists Union -LRB- IJU -RRB- has called for a protest meeting on June 14 to discuss the issue .