Srinagar , July 20 A powerful car bomb explosion targeted at a convoy of the security forces took place in the high security area , killing at least four persons , including three Army personnel in the Sonwar area , here this morning . An Army Major was among those killed while at least 15 others , including four Army jawans , were injured as the Maruti car and an Army vehicle were completely damaged in the explosion . . . The incident is regarded as a desperate action by militants , which coincided with the Prime Minister , Dr Manmohan Singhs US visit . It follows a series of infiltration attempts of armed militants from across the LoC in north Kashmir ahead of the Prime Ministers visit , and is believed to be an attempt on scuttling the peace process . It was only a day after the GOC of Srinagar based 15 Corps of the Army , Lieut-Gen S.S. Dhillon claiming that there was a considerable reduction in the level of violence , but admitting that the militants had the potential to strike . . . A spokesman for the Hizbul Mujahideen outfit , who rang up some local media agencies here , has claimed responsibility for the attack . It was , however , not clear whether the explosion was caused by triggering an IED fitted in the car . . . The Inspector-General of Police , Kashmir Range , Mr Javed Ahmad Makhdoomi , said here that the explosion was caused by an explosive-laden Maruti car , which had come in the opposite direction of the Army convoy near SK Cricket stadium . . . He said the incident took place at about 9-30 a.m. , when there was heavy movement of traffic on the main road about one km . from the central Lal Chowk . He said that three Army personnel , including a Major and one civilian were killed , in the incident , while 15 others were injured . The condition of a woman injured in the explosion was critical , the IG , Police said . Those killed included Major Kapil Vinayak , Nayak Ram Krishen and Sepoy S.C. Dubey . The IG , Police , ruled out the possibility of this being a suicide attack as the four bodies recovered from the site had been identified . . . Panic gripped the area after the explosion near the Christian Missionary Burn Hall School . At the time of the explosion , the students were inside the classrooms , which prevented any harm to the children . However , window panes of the nearby buildings , one of these housing LIC office , were damaged . Damage was also caused to the glass panes of various buildings in the area , about one km from the Badami Bagh Cantonment , where the 15 Corps Headquarters of the Army is located . . . The explosion took place about 50 metres away from the main entrance to the Burn Hall School opposite to the Church Lane where a number of ministerial bungalows are located . . . It was also in front of the Sher-e-Kashmir cricket stadium , which normally remains the venue of VIP functions .