A special court in Barabanki Friday awarded life imprisonment to alleged Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islami ( HuJI ) operative Tariq Qasmi for his role in 2007 blasts in Faizabad and Lucknow . . . Additional Sessions Judge Shanti Prakash Arvind held Qasmi guilty of sedition , keeping explosives and working against law of the country , prosecuting officer , UP ATS , Pradeep Kumar Srivastava said . The court also imposed a fine of Rs 50,000 on the accused , he added . . . Qasmi , an Unani doctor by profession , and another accused Khalid Mujahid , now dead , were arrested with explosives on December 20 , 2007 from near Barabanki railway station , around 25 km from Lucknow . Mujahid died on May 18 , 2013 , while being taken to court in Faizabad . . . Both were wanted for their alleged involvement in serial bomb blasts in Faizabad and Lucknow courts on November 23 , 2007 . While five persons were killed in Faizabad , no one was injured in Lucknow as the explosion could not trigger off and RDX planted on a bicycle was recovered . . . Qasmi , a native of Sambhupur village in Azamgarh , is facing three more cases including one for his alleged involvement in a blast in Gorakhpur on May 22 , 2007 , in which six persons were injured . Trial in these cases are pending in the courts . . . Defence lawyer Mohammad Shoaib said they will file challenge the judgement in a higher court . . . The Barabanki courts decision comes exactly two years after Uttar Pradesh government led by Akhilesh Yadav had moved to withdraw cases against Qasmi and Mujahid . The state government had on April 24 , 2013 directed the District Magistrate of Gorakhpur to file an application in court for withdrawal of the case . . . It was the first terror case that the Akhilesh Yadav government had decided to withdraw in line with the partys election promise to withdraw terror cases against innocent youths . However , on May 8 , a Barabanki court had rejected the plea saying that the government had filed faulty and incomplete papers . The government had then moved the high court , which rejected the appeal and later stayed the move to withdraw cases against other terror accused . . . Thirty-seven-year-old Qasmi , who reportedly has degree of Bachelor of Unani Medicines & Surgery ( BUMS ) , used to run a clinic at Rani Ki Sarai locality in Azamgarh before UP STF arrested him along with co-accused Mujahid with RDX , detonators , gelatin rods and cellphones in Barabanki . Mujahid was a resident of Jaunpur district . . . Raising questions on the duos arrest , their families had alleged both were picked from their native places . They claimed to have faxed complaints to the offices of Prime Minister , UP CM and National Human Rights Commission even before the STF declared their arrest . . . The Mayawati government had set up R D Nimesh Commission on March 14 , 2008 to probe the matter . The commission , it is report , referred police claim about the date , place and timing of the arrests as doubtful . The state government had tabled the report in the Assembly without any action taken report . . . .