Front Page Government issues emergency alert . . Staff Reporter . . BANGALORE : In the wake of the serial bomb blasts in Delhi , Chief Minister N. Dharam Singh on Sunday issued an emergency alert to officials in Bangalore and other major cities and towns in the State , and directed them to take suspected criminals into preventive custody . . . Briefing presspersons after a high-level meeting of senior Police and Home Department officials , Mr. Singh said the security in the State capital , in particular , had been beefed up after Union Home Minister Shivaraj Patil had instructed the State Government to be extra careful following the bomb blasts in New Delhi on Saturday . . . He said that the district and police officials in other cities such as Mysore , Hubli-Dharwad and Belgaum also had been instructed to keep a strict vigil in view of Deepavali and Ramzan festivals . The State and the fast developing Bangalore city had been in the hit list of extremists . Assistant Commissioners and Deputy Commissioners of Police were directed to keep a watch on the movements of certain organisations . . . Bangalore police commissioner Ajai Kumar Singh said his department had taken precautionary measures in the city . Particular focus was on thickly populated areas and on multi-storeyed buildings in different parts of the city . . . He said even the bomb detection squads have been asked to be ready to face any emergency . Although no preventive arrests have been made , trouble mongers will be taken into custody , he added . Asked if the city police would provide extra security to Electronics City where most of the Information Technology firms are located , Mr. Singh said that most of that area is under the jurisdiction of the Bangalore district police . The district police have ensured tight security in the area , he said . . . Chief Secretary B.K. Das ; Principal Secretary -LRB- Home -RRB- Sudhakar Rao ; and Director General of Police B.S. Sial and Mr. Ajai Kumar Singh were among those who attended the meeting .