Ashok Kumar . . NEW DELHI : As usual scores of families have gathered at Central Park in Connaught Place on Saturday evening in anticipation of a memorable weekend . But alas that was not to be . Little did they realise what destiny had in store for them . . . Around 6-40 p.m. , a bomb planted inside a dustbin went off leaving behind a bloody trail . A dense cloud of smoke engulfed the park and people ran helter-skelter screaming for help . Even before anyone could realise what had happened , scores of people , mostly women and children , were lying around in pools of blood . . . Inderjeet Singh , who owns an electronic goods shop in Palika Bazar , said : I was busy attending to customers in the evening when I heard a deafening sound near Central Park . I along with fellow shopkeepers immediately rushed towards the park and was stunned to see the scene there . Over 50 people , mostly women and children , were lying around writhing in pain . Without wasting any time , we pulled people out of the park and rushed them to nearby hospitals in cars , autorickshaws and other private vehicles available . . . Deepak Kumar , a garments shop owner , said : Several Police Control Room vans and ambulances also reached the spot within minutes of the blast and helped us in shifting the injured to hospital . I myself carried over a dozen people from inside the park . Most of the victims were women and children and were badly injured . Their blood-splattered clothes were torn and many were unconscious . . . Such was the impact of the blast that the glass windows of several shops and cars parked around the park were shattered . Shopkeepers in Palika Bazar downed their shutters and carried out checks around their shops . In view of the seriousness of the situation , we made an announcement asking all shopkeepers to down their shutters . Before that , we carried out a check in and around our shops to ensure that no bombs were planted there , said Pritpal Singh Kohli , Joint Secretary of the Palika Bazar Shopkeepers Welfare Association .