Twin blasts ripped through two coaches of a train Thursday morning just minutes after it pulled into one Chennai Central , one of India 's busiest railway stations , killing a 22-year-old woman and injuring 14 other people , officials said . . . Police said they were questioning one suspect in the explosions at Chennai railway station in the country 's southeast , but there were no further details . . . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh condemned the attacks , saying ` such barbaric acts targeting innocent men , women and children only highlight the desperation and cowardice of those responsible . ' . . There was no immediate claim of responsibility in a region of India considered relatively peaceful . . . Authorities suspect the blasts were caused by bombs planted on the Bangalore-Guwahati Express train , said M. Bhupati , the spokesman for India 's southern railway system . . . ` The police are already on the job , they are investigating what kind of bomb it was and what was the purpose , ' R.K. Mishra , the general manager of Southern Railway , told reporters . . . The blasts come amid heightened security nationwide for the general elections , which are being held in phases over several weeks . . . At least one of the blasts erupted from underneath a seat where the 22-year-old victim was sitting , killing her , Mishra said . Fourteen people were hospitalized , but none of the injuries was serious , said G. Muthuraj , a spokesman for the Rajiv Gandhi General hospital in Chennai . . . Largest rail networks . . India has one of the world 's largest railway networks , with more than 23 million passengers a day riding on about 11,000 trains . Every day , hundreds of thousands of commuters and long-distance passengers use the railway station in Chennai , one the country 's busiest . . . The train originated in Bangalore and was headed to Gauhati , the main city in the remote northeastern state of Assam . . . K. Ramanujam , Tamil Nadu 's director-general of police , said a special investigation team comprising forensic experts and police would investigate the blasts . ` It is premature to speculate what kind of device was used in the blast . The damage to the train is not heavy , ' Ramanujam said . . . PM Manmohan Singh has condemned the attacks Police say they were questioning one suspect at Chennai railway station , but there were no further details There was no immediate claim of responsibility . . PM Manmohan Singh has condemned the attacks . . Police say they were questioning one suspect at Chennai railway station , but there were no further details . . There was no immediate claim of responsibility .