New Delhi Panic in Sarojini Nagar market . . Staff Reporter . . NEW DELHI : Even as the police were coming to terms with the blast at Paharganj on Saturday evening , another busy market at Sarojini Nagar was rocked by an even more powerful explosion . The bomb went off in one of the corners of the market teaming with people . . . Ravinder Khetrapal was in his readymade clothes shop when the blast went off . Within minutes there was panic all round . People who were engulfed in the blaze screamed for help . The fire gutted at least half-a-dozen clothes shops . . . And then more blasts followed , triggered by exploding cooking gas cylinders that caught fire . ` Following the bomb blast , some of the vehicles which were parked right behind the cloth shops also went up in flames , ' said Mr. Khetrapal . . . Mr. Khetrapal added that while the Sarojini Nagar market is always teeming with people , particularly nowadays in view of the festive season , the blast took place at the most crowded corner , where a few eateries are located , including Shyam Juice Corner where the first cooking gas cylinder exploded . . . The Joint Commissioner of Police -LRB- Southern Range -RRB- , B. S. Bassi , said the exploding cooking gas cylinders added to the high toll . While Union Home Minister Shivraj Patil , who visited Safdarjung Hospital around 8 p.m. , put the toll at 37 , it later crossed 40 . The condition of another 20 people was reported to be critical . Most of the injured had sustained serious burn injuries and the toll was likely to go up . . . Some of the victims were also taken to the All-India Institute of Medical Sciences where two of them succumbed to their injuries . Seven others were reported to be serious . . . While the police said investigations were on to ascertain the people who triggered these explosions , eyewitnesses claimed that the bomb was kept inside a white Maruti van . The front windscreen of the vehicle was shattered and so were the hatchback and the rear windscreen . However , the vehicle itself was not reduced to a mangled heap .