AHMEDABAD : A 22-year-old data entry operator working in a town 120km from Ahmedabad on Monday learnt the hard way that being funny about terror does n't pay . Monu Ojha , an internet addict from Patan , was arrested by Gujarat police after they traced a mail , threatening that the next blast would take place in Ahmedabad , to his computer . But even after his arrest , the youth was unrepentant . He said he did it to alarm Gujarat cops so that security was stepped up in Ahmedabad where his family lived . Monu Ojha , the 22-year-old school dropout , who is behind the Delhi terror email , has been charged with cyber terrorism and if convicted faces life imprisonment or a jail term of 14 years . ' I do n't believe the police are equipped to fight terror and I am happy that the mail has generated so much action . I am half-guilty that it created trouble for citizens , ' he said . He admitted he expected to be famous after his act . Ojha 's mail was the third of the four that claimed responsibility for the blast and threatened more attacks . ` The breakthrough came when cyber cell tracked the email down to a server in Russia and found it to be a decoy , ' said Ahmedabad police commissioner Sudhir Sinha . A probe found that the IP address was masked by specialized software . Using cyber crime probe tools , the crime branch tracked down the computer used to send the mail to Patan . The officers then hunted down the address and detained Rajkumar Yadav , from UP . When Yadav was questioned , he directed them to his friend Monu Ojha , who confessed to sending the mail using Yadav 's laptop . TIMES VIEW : Hoax calls or mails might seem like innocent pranks to be dealt with indulgently , but that would be a completely wrong attitude to take in the times we live in . These hoax mails/calls do serious damage at several levels , each of them helping the terrorists , even if that is not the intention . For one , they add to the panic , which is precisely the purpose of terror . Secondly , they divert already overstretched police resources to investigating the hoax calls . Finally , there is the serious risk that if there are many hoax threats , the genuine ones too will be taken lightly . For all of these reasons , such hoax callers must be dealt with strictly . At the same time , the police must launch an awareness campaign to educate people on the damage such calls or mail can do .