At least five persons were killed and four others seriously injured when a bomb blast rocked the New Delhi-bound Rajdhani Express near Sungajan Railway station of Assam 's Golaghat district at 1 : 15 am . on Thursday.The police suspect All Adivasi National Liberation Army -LRB- AANLA -RRB- 's involvement in the explosion that rocked the high-security elite train that was travelling from Dibrugarh in eastern Assam to New Delhi via Guwahati.A spokesman of the Northeast Frontier Railway -LRB- NFR -RRB- headquarters at Maligaon said the deceased were identified as Satyaprakash Rai -LRB- 45 -RRB- , Sudama Rai -LRB- 45 -RRB- , Lakshman Rai -LRB- 44 -RRB- , A K Sah -LRB- 20 -RRB- and D Prasad -LRB- 19 -RRB- . The four seriously inured persons were admitted to the Dimapur Civil Hospital in Nagaland . The toll may go up as injured were stated to be in critical condition.All passengers were traveling bonafide in the luggage van of the Rajdhani Express from Dibrugarh to Guwahati , the NFR official said . . . The Railway claims that luggage van in the train is utilised to accommodate passengers travelling between Dibrugarh and Guwahati.Initially , the explosion was suspected to have occurred on the luggage van . But later it was found out to have occurred on the tracks . . . The train stopped at the next station at Bokajan in Karbi Anglong district immediately after the blast . It resumed the onward journey from Bokajan at 6:45 a.m. after shedding the damaged van there.The train , now running four hours late , is expected to reach Guwahati around 11 a.m. before it proceeds to New Delhi . Other passengers travelling in the affected luggage van were shifted to a 3-tier AC bogie . Top railway and security officials had rushed to the site immediately after the blast . The Railway techninal stafs have already repaired the track at the blast site.An investigation has been launched . There has been a practice to scan the track in insurgency-hit areas of the state before the Rajdhani Express is allowed to pass through . .