The building where the blast took place is located in Khagragarh area.Kolkata : After three arrests and two raids over last week 's blast in Burdwan , the West Bengal police feel it could involve a terror network - giving teeth to opposition demands to involve the National Investigation agency or the Central Bureau of Investigation . On Wednesday , the case , which had been filed under the Explosives Act , was also brought under Unlawful Activities -LRB- Prevention -RRB- Act - a law that 's applied in cases where the integrity and sovereignty of the country is threatened . The new charge was brought in hours after the police raided two houses in Burdwan , making official the suspicion that the two men , who died in the October 2 blast at the house in Khagragarh , could have been terrorists . -LRB- Burdwan Blast : Burqa Factory Front for Bomb-Making Plant ? -RRB- There had been other evidence - improvised explosive devices and material to make them , watch dials and detonators recovered from the house . Some printed material was also found , which had references to Al Qaeda , Indian Mujahideen and even the Chechen rebels.On October 5 , two women residents of the house were arrested . One of them was the wife of Shakil Ahmed , a man who died in the blast . Another 's husband , Abdul Hasan , had been injured . A third - a man - was arrested later . Their questioning led to the raids in two houses -- one at Baburbag , the other at Badshahi Road - barely a kilometer from the blast site . -LRB- Burdwan Blasts : Two Women Arrested , Bengal Becoming Terror Haven , says BJP -RRB- The police were looking for a man called called Kausar , but he had had fled . Kauser , who was probably a Bangladeshi national , used to visit Shakil Ahmed . Police suspect he collected bombs from Shakil for delivery to unknown recipients . At the house , police found a driving license , four pistols and 63 bullets.The six residents of the other house have gone missing as well . Following the raids , the police added the UAPA to the case . The opposition , which had accused the ruling Trinamool Congress of involvement and alleged that the police destroyed evidence , has now stepped up its demands to call in the NIA . -LRB- Burdwan Blast : 2 Women Arrested , Trinamool Denies Links -RRB- `` The incident is linked to Bangladesh and who knows which other countries . That 's why it should be probed by the CBI or NIA , '' said BJP leader Rahul Sinha . The CPM 's SK Mishra echoed it , saying , `` If they -LRB- state police and CID -RRB- are not afraid they will be caught red-handed for hiding something , they should hand it over to NIA . '' .