doweshowbellyad = 0 ; . . People mill around at the site of a blast at Lumbini Park in Hyderabad . Forty people are feared dead in the twin blasts -LRB- AFP Photo -RRB- . . HYDERABAD : The killing just does n't stop . At least 40 people were killed and scores injured in two powerful blasts in Hyderabad , one at an amusement park packed with weekend holidayers and another at a landmark eatery in the heart of the city on Saturday evening exactly four years after twin blasts at Mumbai 's Gateway and Zaveri Bazar killed 53 . The first blast happened at 7.40 pm in Lumbini Park , India 's biggest laser show arena , a stone 's throw from the Andhra Pradesh Secretariat and flanking Hussainsagar lake . The second took place some 30 minutes later in Gokul Chat at Sultan Bazar in Koti neighbourhood in the communally sensitive old city . Police said bombs at both places seemed to have timer devices but some sources said the Koti blast could have been executed by a suicide bomber.Reports of unexploded bombs being discovered in a movie theatre in Narayanaguda and in Dilsukhnagar suggested that the attacks - similar to the Mecca Masjid blasts in Hyderabad that killed 16 people this May - were well-planned serial attacks aimed at causing maximum casualties among citizens chilling out over the weekend.The Mecca Masjid attacks were planned and executed by Bangladesh-based terror group Harkat-ul Jihad Islami -LRB- Huji -RRB- . Early indications suggest similar explosives were used on Saturday . The Lumbini Park blast ripped out four rows of seats from its moorings and blew out parts of the concrete base to smithereens , leaving mangled bodies everywhere . There were some tell-tale marks of RDX being used and the bombs had been packed in plastic containers with steel balls used in bicycle wheel hubs , which acted as shrapnel.Intelligence agency sources said the attacks could be the handiwork of Shahid Ilyas Bilal , who 's also linked to the Mecca Masjid attacks . He 's a high-ranking Lashkar-e-Taiba operative who has lately been working with HuJi . Intelligence agencies monitoring his activities have recently observed him flitting in and out of jehadi chat rooms . There is a new pattern of militant groups pooling resources for bigger strikes , so a combined operation is not being ruled out.Such vicious attacks prove that cities like Hyderabad and Bangalore , emerging icons of a vibrant nation , are firmly in the cross-hairs of terror groups which have made India a country with perhaps the highest number of civilian victims of terror -LRB- leaving aside war-torn countries like Iraq -RRB- .