MUMBAI/NASHIK : The Hindu face of terrorism has emerged with the arrest of three persons , including a woman , suspected to be behind the September 29 bomb blast in Malegaon which killed six and injured 89 others . -LRB- Watch -RRB- TOI had reported their detention in its Friday edition . Maharashtras Anti-Terrorism Squad -LRB- ATS -RRB- on Friday produced them before a Nashik court which remanded them to police custody till November 3 . The three have been charged with murder , attempt to murder , unlawful assembly under the IPC and Section 16 -LRB- punishment for terror acts -RRB- and Section 18 -LRB- punishment for terror conspiracy -RRB- of the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act , and several sections of the Explosives Act . The woman has been identified as Pragya Singh Thakur -LRB- 38 -RRB- , a sadhvi -LRB- woman monk -RRB- . According to ATS chief Hemant Karkare , the motorcycle in which the bomb was planted was traced to her.The other two arrested , Shamlal Bhavar Sahu -LRB- 42 -RRB- and Shivnarayan Singh -LRB- 36 -RRB- , have been accused of plotting as well as planting the bomb at Bhikku Chowk in central Malegaon , just outside the sealed office of the banned outfit , the Students Islamic Movement of India -LRB- SIMI -RRB- . Two more suspects Dilip Nehar and Dharmendra Bajrangi have also been detained by the ATS.Those arrested are reported to have given the names of their collaborators . An ATS team will soon go to MP to make more arrests . They -LRB- the suspects -RRB- were driven by their desire to retaliate against jihadi terrorism and to avenge the killings of Hindus , said a source in intelligence . Security agencies are alarmed by the clear evidence of the beginning of radicalisation of the majority community . This , they say , is the first instance of reverse terrorism resulting in killing . According to sources , Thakur , a resident of Gwalior , was a popular leader of the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad -LRB- ABVP -RRB- , the student wing of the BJP , till 1997 . The ABVP , though , has denied the allegation . She quit the ABVP and took sanyas in January 2007 after becoming a disciple of religious guru Avdeshanand Giri . Thakur , who was in the state executive council of the ABVP , was known for her fiery speeches . In 2002 , she had formed the Jai Vande Mataram Jan Kalyan Samiti . We have seized some pamphlets and are conducting investigations . She had also launched the Rashtriya Jagran Manch in Indore , Karkare said.Shivnaryan is an electrical contractor in Indore while Sahu runs a cell-phone repairing shop in Tukogunj in Madhya Pradesh . He is also a small-time property broker . Shivnarayan attends RSS shakhas and has a shop in the Bengali Chauraha area.According to the ATS , Thakur , Singh and Sahu are members of right-wing Hindu radical organisations . Karkare said that the motor bike used in Malegaon bomb blast belonged to Thakur who is now a sadhvi and regularly visited Surat to deliver religious lectures . Thakur and Sahu had spoken to each other for 400 minutes on the cellphone over several days after the Malegaon blast , an ATS officer said.Shivnarayan and Sahu have been termed by the police as mechanical and electronics experts . They are suspected to have assembled the bombs . We want to know who taught them bomb making and whether there is any training camp for such destructive activities , said an officer .