In what appears to be a breakthrough in the October 2007 bomb blast at the shrine of Sufi saint Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti in Ajmer in which three persons were killed , the Anti-Terrorism Squad ATS of Rajasthan on Wednesday night arrested one Devendra Gupta . A resident of Muzafarpur in Bihar , Gupta was on a visit to his parents ' house at Bihariganj in Ajmer town to meet his ailing mother when the ATS , narrowing on him for some time , nabbed him . The 36-year-old Gupta , who is suspected to have links with a Hindutva terror outfit , was produced on Friday before the Chief Judicial Magistrate of Ajmer who remanded him to 12 days ' police custody . We are hopeful of cracking the Ajmer Dargah blast case , said ATS Chief Kapil Garg Though the officers of the ATS , which took over the blast case in May last year from the Special Operations Group , remained non-committal on Gupta 's affiliations , Rajasthan Home Minister Shanti Kumar Dhariwal said the suspect is a worker ( pracharak ) of the RSS in Muzafarpur . Devendra Gupta is an active member of the RSS . What he did was part of a larger game plan . Behind him is an organization which tries to incite violence between Hindus and Muslims , Mr. Dhariwal said talking briefly to media persons here . We are investigating the links of the organization with the RSS , he asserted . At the moment I can not reveal much about his links as it would affect investigation . We have arrested him on the basis of sound evidence . We are questioning him further , said Mr. Garg who is Additional Director-General of Rajasthan Police . ATS , which started suspecting Gupta 's role in the blast some time back had been shadowing him , Mr. Garg disclosed . Asked about the involvement of the Hindu terror outfits in the Dargah blast , Mr. Garg said for the time being he was neither denying nor accepting it . Any link with the Abinav Bharat Sangathan , which was allegedly behind the Malegaon blast of September 29 , 2008 , was thus not confirmed by Mr. Garg . He , however , said the investigations were not confined to Rajasthan alone . The investigations have taken time but you should also appreciate the fact that we did not give it up even after three years , Mr. Garg observed . The Rajasthan ATS did not act on the links from any other State but would be sending a team to Jharkhand and other States for further investigation , he revealed . The bomb blast took place at Ahat-e-Noor of the Dargah on October 11 , 2007 , just before Magrib prayers when the devotees were breaking Ramzan fast . It was only three days for Id-ul-Fitr . As usual , the suspects turned out to be Muslim terror groups . The prime suspect then was the Bangladeshi outfit Harket-ul-Jihad-e-Islami ( HuJI ) . There were two bombs in all and only one of them went off killing two persons on the spot and one later in the hospital . In all 15 persons were injured . The sleuths seemingly got some clue on the links from the SIM fitted on the bomb which did not work Though no one was arrested then , about a dozen Muslims -- Imams , Maulanas and madrasa teachers -- were detained and intensively questioned . All of them were later released .