Rajasthan ATS suspects Ajmer-Malegaon-Hyderabad link He is yet to be arrested , says Rajasthan Home Minister Centre of activity seemingly was Madhya Pradesh . The Anti-Terrorism Squad of Rajasthan is working on the theory that there is a link between the group which carried out the bomb blast at Ajmer Dargah in October 2007 and the forces behind the Malegaon blast almost a year later as well as the explosions at the Makkah Masjid in Hyderabad . It has identified the contacts and after their recent arrests is in hot pursuit of the person who manufactured the bomb used in the blast at Ahat-e-Noor on the Dargah premises . The mastermind behind the Ajmer blast , the bomb maker , has been identified . He is yet to be arrested , said Rajasthan Home Minister Shanti Dhariwal talking to The Hindu here on Saturday . The people involved in this case have had involvement in the other bomb blast cases too , he said , adding , The centre of their activity was seemingly Madhya Pradesh . Rajasthan ATS has reached up to them . They have identified the persons involved . ATS has collected some important clues , Mr. Dhariwal said . However , one lost link in the whole case appears to be Sunil Joshi , who was an RSS pracharak in Madhya Pradesh 's Mhow area with whom Devendra Gupta , the first suspect arrested in the Ajmer Dargah case , was associated . Joshi , a resident of Indore , was killed in Dewas in December 2007 . The call details of Gupta indicate that both were in touch . Joshi , reportedly the zila pracharak ( worker ) of RSS in Mhow , had some confrontation with the Congress president of Mhow who later got killed . The murders of the Congress leader 's nephew and that of an eyewitness followed . They are all connected . Col. Purohit , arrested for Malgaon blast , has confessed that Sunil Joshi had organised the Dargah operation with the help of Devendra Gupta , Mr. Dhariwal observed . Col. Purohit was reportedly informed about the role of Sunil Joshi by Asimanand Gupta , who operated in the name of Ramesh Kumar at some places , procured SIM cards under false identities from Jamtada , Asansol and Chittaranjan . The SIM used in the bomb which went off at Ajmer Dargah was procured by him in name of Babulal Yadav . Though the RSS leadership in New Delhi vehemently denied involvement of RSS functionaries in the Ajmer blast , Mr.Dhariwal was equally emphatic .