At least 41 people were killed and nearly 175 injured in the suicide bomb attack on the Data Darbar complex in Lahore on Thursday night . The bombings at the shrine of the Persian Sufi saint Hazrat Syed Ali bin Usman Hajweri are being seen as not just an attack on a crowded place but an assault on the tolerant Sufi tradition . The bombers one of whom has been identified as a local by his brothers struck close to midnight on Thursday , the main time of congregation at the shrine . On Thursdays , devotees queue up through the night in the hope of blessings of the Sufi saint revered as the guardian of Pakistan 's cultural capital . The bombers detonated their suicide jackets separately ; killing many on the spot and seriously injuring others . Since the gathering was nearly 3,000 strong , the explosions triggered a commotion and many were injured in the stampede that ensued . The first blast took place in the basement and the second in front of the shrine 's main building . Though security had been increased recently and the shrine had made its own arrangements to complement the security provided by the Punjab government , the bombers managed to penetrate with suicide jackets bearing 10 kg explosives each . Eyewitnesses claimed the police had described the first blast as a cracker burst . On the other hand , the Data Darbar administration called it an explosion in the generator and asked devotees to continue with their prayers . Lahore 's hospitals were hard-pressed to deal with the scale of injuries and appeals for blood donation were made as the injured were being wheeled in . Police claimed to have recovered the heads of the bombers and one of them was identified on Friday as Usman , a young local who had gone missing some months ago . He is said to have been drawn to a religious outfit . Till late Friday night , no organisation had claimed responsibility for the attack . In fact , the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan ( the Pakistan wing of the Taliban ) has denied any involvement according to AFP . We are not responsible for these attacks . This is a conspiracy by foreign secret agencies . You know we do not attack public places , a TTP spokesman said .