After a lull , political violence has surfaced again in the rural areas , particularly in the politically sensitive Nadapuram police station limits , of the district . At least two incidents were reported early on Saturday . A bomb was thrown at the house of Kuttiyil Aziz at Kadimeri . There was no casualty . However , the blast damaged a portion of the house . The bomb disposal squad also recovered an unexploded bomb from the terrace of the building , the police said . Vehicles torched In another incident , several vehicles were torched at Thanakottoor near Chekkiyad . Two motorcycles parked in the porch of the house of Mulleri Nazeer were set ablaze . A motorbike of his friend Kulungara Shamsu was also torched . An autorickshaw owned by Mavilakunnumal Akilesh was destroyed . These incidents occurred between 3 and 4 a.m. Local people and the police doused the flames . Senior police officers said a team of police personnel had been deployed in these areas . Isolated clashes between the Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) ( CPI-M ) and the Indian Union Muslim League ( IUML ) had been reported at Kadimeri from Tuesday . However , the violence soon spread to nearby regions such as Ayancherry . Injured Two CPI ( M ) activists , Illathu Balan and Pulikkal Rajan , were injured in clashes on Friday night . They have been admitted to the Vadakara Cooperative Hospital . Soon afterwards there was an attack on a provision store . The house of an IUML activist was pelted with stones . The CPI ( M ) observed a dawn-to-dusk hartal at Ayancherry grama panchayat in protest against the attack on its workers . Party leaders said that IUML had masterminded the attack . A few persons had been taken into custody in connection with the incident , the police said . In another incident , six persons were injured in clashes between the workers of the CPI ( M ) and the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) at Karimbinpalakandi in Kayakkodi grama panchayat on Friday . The injured have been admitted to the Perambra government hospital . Bombs were hurled at an automobile workshop owned by a BJP activist . An autorickshaw was partially damaged in the explosion . The windscreen of a stationary private bus was shattered . The police have recovered an unexploded pipe bomb from the site . A posse of personnel were camping in the area , the police said . CPI ( M ) observes hartal in Ayancherry panchayat Police personnel deployed in violence-hit areas .