Baghdad was shaken on Thursday by a string of lethal bombings that not only killed at least 57 persons and wounded 180 , but also heightened sectarian tensions that were already on edge following the withdrawal of American forces . At least 12 blasts , likely coordinated , hit several neighbourhoods , leaving behind a trail of death and destruction . For several hours after the bombings , plumes of grey smoke swirled into the sky from the sites of the carnage . The surge in violence on Thursday was seen by many as retaliation against the government which has issued an arrest warrant against Tariq-al Hashimi , Vice-President and an established Sunni leader . The Interior Ministry has levelled terrorism charges against Mr. Hashimi , based on statements that he personally ordered assassinations of his opponents , by his bodyguards . The embattled Vice-President , currently residing in the semi-autonomous area governed by the Kurdistan Regional Movement ( KRG ) , has said he was ready to stand trial in the Kurdish areas , but has declined to participate in a judicial process run in Baghdad . The controversy is already undermining political stability in Iraq , where the perception of a power vacuum is rife , following the U.S. exit , after nearly nine inglorious years of occupation . Iraq 's slide into chaos or the establishment of a new model of governance outside the existing framework that the Americans had micro-managed , would rob the Obama-administration of its claims of recording double-success in Iraq of establishing democracy and withdrawing U.S. forces . The Iraqiya coalition holding 82 seats , of which Mr. Hashimi 's Renewal List is a part has already declared that it was suspending its participation in the 325-member Parliament . The Iraqi National List led by the former Prime Minister , Iyad Allawi , and the Iraqi Front for National Dialogue led by Saleh al-Mutlaq , are also part of this coalition which has solid Sunni support . The bloc has accused Prime Minister Nouri Al-Maliki of monopolising all decision-making . In response , Mr. Maliki on Wednesday warned that in case Iraqiya did not participate , he would appoint new Ministers . This has mounted further stress on the Iraq 's fragile system of governance , which in the past has shown that it has an inbuilt capacity to fray along its several religious , sectarian and ethnic fault-lines . The serial blasts on Thursday began in the early hours when Iraqis were heading for work and shops were about to open . The Karada neighbourhood was one of the worst hit by the multiple blasts , in which car bombs and improvised explosives were used with deadly effect .