The National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) has arrested a youth from Jammu and Kashmir over suspected involvement in the conspiracy behind the recent bomb blast at the Delhi High Court . Wasim Akram Malik was on Friday produced in a special court here , which remanded him in NIA custody for 14 days , during which he would also be confronted with co-accused Amir Abbas Dev . The arrest comes exactly a month after the September 7 blast . The elder son of a worker at a hydel project in Kishtwar , Wasim went to Bangladesh about five years ago for medical studies at a Dhaka institute . Preliminary enquiries suggested that Wasim was in Jammu on September 7 when the blast took place . Suspecting his involvement , the NIA contacted his father seeking his cooperation in the probe and sought his presence for questioning . At his father 's instance , Wasim returned to India and was handed over to the NIA at the Delhi airport . According to sources , the NIA is yet to establish Wasim 's exact role in the conspiracy . He would be probed for any links with the Bangladesh-based Harkat-ul-Jihad-e-Islami ( HuJI ) or any other outfit . Even as the NIA remained tight-lipped about the timing and place of Wasim 's arrest , besides his affiliation to any terror outfit , sources said the agency received information about him from one Azhar Ali , an alleged HM recruiter presently lodged in Jammu 's Kotbalwal Jail . According to sources , NIA officials had recently quizzed Azhar and found that Wasim 's brother Junaid had been initiated into terrorism . Junaid allegedly disappeared a year ago and his family has lodged a missing person report . Intelligence agencies suspect that Junaid has been operating from the Kashmir Valley . In a related development , the special court sent Amir Abbas Dev to seven days in NIA 's custody and ordered that the third accused in the case be produced before a Juvenile Justice Board . The two were arrested in Kishtwar for their alleged complicity in sending an email on behalf of the HuJI , claiming responsibility for the blast .