In a simulated seaborne terrorist attack on a high-value land target , three armed operatives made landfall at an isolated stretch of the shoreline here , foxed the police , and infiltrated the well guarded Technopark campus to plant a bomb there at rush hour on Tuesday . The Indian Navys Joint Operations Centre had launched the 48-hour counter-terrorism exercise code-named Operation Gemini on Monday to test the preparedness of the State and Central agencies to combat seaborne terrorist threats and infiltration bids . The operation involved the Navy , Coast Guard , Indian Air Force , and neighbourhood watch committees comprising shore dwellers and seagoing fishermen . The Navy had earlier informed the State police of an imminent seaborne terrorist threat . The police upped its presence at potential landing points along the States 600-km long coastline and put its resources , including civilian look-outs at sea and near the shore , on alert . The agents , two Navy operatives and one Coast Guard man , arrived off the Varkala coast in a seagoing vessel with a shallow draft , which enabled it to operate in waters close to the shore . The agents hailed a small fishing boat and pleaded the fishermen to drop them ashore urgently under the pretext that one of them was ill . The fishermen dropped the agents in a remote stretch of the coast near Chilakoor around 5.30 a.m. . The agents donned the type of dress commonly worn by white-collar workers and took a bus from Attingal bus stand to Technopark at Kazhakuttom . The agents skipped the main security gate and entered the States IT hub through an unmanned path used by IT employees to access local eateries outside the expansive campus . They reached the portals of the Nila building , which houses scores of IT firms , flashed their identity cards to the security , and made their way into the complex along with a lot of employees at 9.30 a.m. . They placed a small cardboard box marked RDX Bomb in a remote corner of the building , alerted the police , and vanished . Fire engines , police vehicles , and vans carrying sniffer dogs and men and equipment of the Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad ( BDDS ) converged on the campus , causing quite a furore there . The police evacuated the building of employees and the BDDS men , clad in large anti-blast bomb suits and wielding ordnance-detection equipment , scoured the structure for explosives . State Police Commando units and Quick Reaction Teams assisted the search . The police found the bomb an hour later , used robotic equipment to put it in a special compartment designed to withstand blasts and took it to a safe locale to be defused . The operation will conclude on Wednesday . Agents enter Technopark through an unmanned pathPolice find the bomb an hour later Agents enter Technopark through an unmanned path Police find the bomb an hour later .