Red tape has no exceptions . No matter that you are a bomb blast victim with damaged ears and a recently reconstructed right leg ! Twenty-two-year-old Mohan Reddy , one of the several injured during the Dilsukhnagar twin blasts on February 21 , got a bitter taste of the government functioning and apathy . On a single day and in a span of six hours , he unsuccessfully limped his way to the Koti Government ENT Hospital , Osmania General Hospital ( OGH ) and Saroornagar police station in vain for a disability certificate after losing hearing ability in the blast . That nightmarish day was a Friday ( March 22 ) . Mohans tale of ordeal at every place he visited was filled with vague replies as each department passed the buck to the other . I was hoping that they will show some mercy for blast victims but it was a mistake , he laments . Mohan went to ENT Hospital at around 10 a.m. when doctors refused to see him . They did not want to check me without a medico-legal case ( MLC ) certificate . I was advised to collect it from OGH , recollects Mohan . His next visit was to the OGHs casualty wing -- only to face further humiliation . Doctors there wondered if he was really one of the blasts victims . They thought I was an impostor and were not convinced even when I showed my discharge summary from the private hospital where I was treated . He was told to approach the police for a first information report ( FIR ) copy as proof of being a victim . Mohan , being helped by one of his relatives in moving around , was by then tired , exasperated and was on the verge of breaking down . Yet , gritting his teeth , he went to the Saroornagar PS . They were stumped as they never received such a request . I was told that only one FIR had been registered for blasts based on which the investigation is going on and it had no names . The best they can do is furnishing a letter that I was indeed a victim , he says . Mohan returned to ENT Hospital to seek further clarification but doctors had already left for the day . And , he continues to wait for the elusive letter of proof from the Saroornagar police . If this could happen to a blast victim , what about the general public ? he wonders . In a span of six hours on March 22 , 22-year-old Mohan was made to run from pillar to post by the authorities . All that he wanted was a disability certificate to claim financial relief .