Bloodstains , debris and mangled body parts strewn around were all that remained at the two locations in Dilsukhnagar where blasts happened in quick succession on Thursday evening . Eyewitness accounts recall two blasts between 6.45 p.m. and 7 p.m. near the Konark theatre and Dilsukhnagar bus-stop , respectively , resulting in widespread mayhem . After the first blast near the bus-stop , panicky crowds rushed towards the Konark theatre before the second bomb went off near a small tiffin centre opposite the theatre . M. Naresh , an MBA student who worked as an intern in an IT consultancy nearby , recalled having seen 20 to 30 people with bleeding injuries running towards a private hospital , soon after the second blast . Five to six mangled bodies were found lying there . The first blast near the bus-stop was no less horrific . I heard a big explosion around 7 p.m. Smoke enveloped the whole area , and after it cleared , I could see six to seven people bleeding profusely . Limbs were broken and for some , the intestines had been ripped out . Soon , they were shifted to hospital , recounted L. Narsing Rao from Vani Leather Shop near the bus-stop . Rakesh , another shopkeeper , said many people had gathered outside a watch repair shop when the blast happened . Most of them fell down . The impact was so powerful that mirrors and glass doors of shops up to the third floor of the Giriji Lokeshnand Complex where the incident happened , were shattered totally . A shop named Dress Code received the maximum impact near the location . Two youngsters Rafi , 24 and Laddu , 26 who sat on the steps of the shop were seriously injured . Viewers inside the Konark theatre rushed out as the floor under their feet shook due to the blast impact . Chaos prevailed at the blast location in Dilsukhnagar . Police forced closure of shops , as rumours were rife about more bombs at other locations . Phones were jammed , and SMSs could not be sent out . Parents frantically calling their wards could not connect immediately , resulting in widespread panic .