On 2 October , an explosion occurred a two-storeyed building in the Khagragarh locality of Burdwan in West Bengal . According to reports , two suspected militants Shakil Ahmed and Sovan Mandal were killed in the explosion while another Hasan Saheb was injured . Slew of arrests were made in a week 's time . Two women Rajira Bibi and Amina were arrested from the explosion site for resisting police entry and destroying critical evidence . Both women in their early twenties are the widow of suspected militants Shakil Ahmed and Hasan Saheb respectively . Almost a week after the explosion and a few arrests , the West Bengal government has still not slapped any terrorism charges or serious offence charges against those accused in the incident , according to a report in Hindustan Times . The accused have been merely charged with causing grievous hurt by dangerous weapons or means , attempt to murder and destroying evidence among others . The reaction of the West Bengal government or the state police is shocking as the accidental explosion of 2 October could have thwarted a possible serious terrorist strike on West Bengal . The report added that the serious terrorism charges were not slapped so that the National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) is kept at bay from investigating the case . Speaking to HT on condition of anonymity , an NIA official said : None of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC ) provisions that deal with terror and anti-national activities have been evoked But this is just the tip of the iceberg if you start counting the major loopholes in the case . In an earlier Firstpost article , author Sandip Roy notes how the Burdwan Blast is a bigger issue than it is actually made out to be . Recovered cache of bombs were detonated ( not defused ) by the state police on the orders of the Bengal DGP even before the NIA could reached the blast site . Ved Marwah , former director-general of the elite anti-terror force , NSG , told Telegraph : It 's a criminal offence and the police seniors who gave the order should be prosecuted for criminal conspiracy and destruction of evidence . By blowing up the remaining cache , the Bengal police not only showed stupidity but they also destroyed crucial evidence which could have helped agencies identify the terror outfit . The state police although said detonating cache is the Standard Operating Procedure ( SOP ) . Former director-general of the BSF and Uttar Pradesh police , Prakash Singh , however , told The Telegraph that if Bengal police was following SOP , they should have consulted the Intelligence Bureau whether to defuse or detonate the bombs . Without any potential for danger , there can be no question of detonation . The police can not decide on their own without consulting experts . Going by their unexplained haste , it seems the state police did not want to let the matter go into the public domain , Singh told Telegraph . The lack of NIA 's involvement in the case is also bizarre . In a report in The Hindu , a senior Union home ministry official said that the government is undecided on the agency 's involvement in the case . According to the report , Mamata 's government had not even approached the NIA to probe the case but according to a senior official of NIA that is not a problem . The article noted : The NIA Act of 2008 says that if the Central Government is of the opinion that an offence is required to be investigated under NIA Act , it may suo motu direct the Agency to investigate . So , we do not need a go-ahead from any State Government to investigate the Burdwan blast under the Act , said the Home Ministry official . The Trinamool government and the West Bengal police 's reaction after the blast came under much of flak as well . The Left Front and the BJP alleged a nexus between the Mamata government and the militants . BJP secretary Siddharth Nath Singh had earlier said : We can safely conclude that West Bengal under Mamata Banerjee 's rule has become a safe haven for anti-national elements and Jihadi activities . Prakash Singh raised questions on the government 's role and how it should have informed the agency which is the pivotal body in handling terror-related cases . NIA director Sharad Kumar confirmed that the West Bengal government had not asked for assistance in the case . As of now , the Burdwan blast case is shrouded by many mysterious questions which have not been answered . The fact , that the owner of the building which blew up Nurul Hasan Chowdhary was a Trinamool Congress leader - and lived across the street and that the ground floor of the building was used as the TMC party office - can not be ignored . Speculations are many but answers are really few .