A bomb explosion of low intensity injured 17 people , including 12 police personnel , in Bangalore on Wednesday morning . The blast occurred some 100 metres from the headquarters of the Bharatiya Janata Party at Malleswaram . The police personnel were in a Karnataka State Reserve Police van stationed on 24-hour election duty . Two cars and two two-wheelers were gutted , while the police van was damaged in the explosion that shook the densely populated semi-residential area . The 10.20 a.m. blast coincided with the last day of the filing of nominations for the May 5 Assembly polls . Preliminary investigation revealed that the blast was triggered by a timer-based improvised explosive device fitted on a blue Suzuki motorcycle it turned out to be an Andhra Pradesh vehicle with fake Tamil Nadu registration plates parked between two cars . Initial reports pointed to an LPG cylinder in a party workers Maruti Omni van as the source . Special teams . . Police Commissioner Raghavendra H. Auradkar said special teams had been formed for investigation . A forensics team found the timer . The police said they have CCTV footage of the area . Sketches are being prepared of the motorcycle rider , based on two persons claims they saw someone park the vehicle there at 10.15 a.m. The last blast occurred in the city three years ago to the day , ahead of an Indian Premier League fixture at the Chinnaswamy Stadium . On Tuesday , in the wake of the Boston blasts and ongoing IPL 6 series , the Union Home Ministry had issued a general advisory to the State police . However , Mr. Auradkar said there was no specific intelligence on the Malleswaram blast . The busy street on Malleswaram , which was in the thick of electoral activity , was covered with shattered glass , mostly from broken vehicle window panes . KSRP head constable Venkateshaiah , who was having his breakfast inside the van when the blast occurred , said : We heard a loud explosion , and before we knew it , the windows shattered and there was thick black smoke everywhere . We couldnt see a thing initially but somehow made our way out of the van . When the smoke cleared a bit , he saw people lying with injuries . Some of them had lost consciousness . They were rushed to the State-run K.C. General Hospital and Mallige Hospital . Hospital authorities said all the injuries were caused by shattered glass and the impact of the blast ( sound and heat ) . Barring two minor surgeries , all the victims sustained only light injuries , mainly cuts . Chief Electoral Officer Anil Kumar Jha said the police report on the blast was despatched to the Election Commission . As of now there is no link of the blast to the May 5 elections , he said . Condemning the blast , Chief Minister Jagadish Shettar told presspersons in Hubli the real intention behind the crime will be traced once the investigation was over .