MUMBAI , India , July 11 A string of powerful bombs ripped through a vital spine of Mumbais commuter train system during the evening rush hour on Tuesday , killing nearly 200 people , bringing Indias financial capital to a standstill and resurrecting memories of bloodbaths past.Skip to next paragraphAudio Report by Somini Sengupta ( mp3 ) MultimediaMap : Rail AttacksPhotographs : Train Bombings in IndiaEnlarge this ImageAdeel Halim/ReutersVictims were treated at a city hospital . More Photos The Indian police placed the death toll at 190 , with the number of wounded exceeding 600 , according to the Press Trust of India . The casualties are likely to climb , for if nothing else , it was clear even in the chaotic aftermath of the blasts that the attacks were as cold-blooded as they were well-coordinated , intended to inflict maximum carnage . The bombs struck at least seven trains along the western railway line of the citys north-south commuter train system between 6 and 7 p.m. , virtually within minutes of one another . Every day , more than six million people ride the trains in Mumbai , formerly Bombay , making it among the busiest public transportation systems in the world.The televised aftermath showed the wreckage of mangled trains , torn limbs and stunned , injured commuters , some with blood-streaked faces . Witnesses said the healthy rushed forward to rescue the most badly wounded . Bedsheets and saris were thrown from people living near the tracks to be used as stretchers . It was a horrifying sight , Kishan Namdev Shelke , 57 , a train guard , recalled after carrying some of the dead and wounded in his arms . The attacks bore an obvious resemblance to the terrorist attacks on the London public transportation system last July and the Madrid train bombings in March 2004 . But they also reminded many here of a series of bomb blasts in this city of 17 million in 1993 , later attributed to organized crime , that killed more than 250 people . With much still unknown about Tuesdays blasts and Indias own long history as a victim of terrorist violence much of it predating the rise of global Islamist terrorist networks it was impossible to draw immediate conclusions about the forces behind the attacks . For now , there was no concrete evidence linking Tuesdays explosions in Mumbai to any particular group , nor any claim of responsibility . It was not clear how the bombs had been planted , what materials had been used , or whether they were the work of suicide bombers.The Indian prime minister , Manmohan Singh , urged calm and blamed unnamed terrorists for the attack . The prime minister , in a statement , described the attacks as shocking and cowardly . Earlier on Tuesday , a series of grenade explosions struck Srinagar , the summer capital of Indian-administered Kashmir , hitting a tourist bus . Eight people were killed and more than 40 wounded . The violence coincided with local elections in Pakistan-administered Kashmir . Both nations claim the Himalayan territory.We will work to defeat the evil designs of terrorists and will not allow them to succeed , Mr. Singh said in his statement.Pravin Pereira , a graphic designer , was on his way from work when his train , which had stopped at Borivili station on the northern edge of the city , shook violently from a loud blast . The bomb had exploded three compartments ahead of him , in a mens compartment of the 5:47 p.m. train out of the central station.The sound was terrible , really terrible , Mr. Pereira , 33 , said by telephone . Everyone started running . There were a number of bodies lying there on the railway tracks.Artie Jacinto , 41 , was on her way home on a train that had just pulled out of the Matunga Road station when she heard the deafening sound of one blast , followed by the screams of the women around her . The train plunged into darkness , she said . She jumped out as quickly as she could , she recalled later by telephone . Strangers poured out of nowhere to help with rescue operations . She said she watched as a man poured cold water on the head of a badly wounded passenger.Mr . Shelke , the train guard , said he was in the last of nine compartments of Train No. 1748 , from the Churchgate station , when he heard what he described as thunder and lightning . Then he saw bodies tumbling out of the train . He pulled the emergency brake and brought the train to a halt . 12Next Page Saritha Rai reported from Mumbai for this article , and Somini Sengupta from New Delhi . Hari Kumar contributed reporting from Mumbai , Yusuf Jameel from Srinagar , and Mark Mazzetti from Washington.More Articles in International .