Investigations into terror attacks have made little headway since terror groups prefer to keep their identity concealed after an attack , saysVicky Nanjappa . . . . . Wednesday 's high court blast in Delhi has left investigating agencies in a state of confusion . A mail that was sent out earlier in the day is the only lead that investigators have . However , there is still suspicion regarding the authenticity of the mail.A 20-member team of the National Investigating Agency has already begun its probe . The team now awaits the results from the Forensic Sciences Laboratory , which is examining the bomb composition . . . . . Although the composition will be known in a couple of days , it may not really help the agency zero down on any particular outfit . . . A couple of years back terror groups had a signature style of attack . The bombs assembled during the twin blasts in Hyderabad gave vital leads to the police since the bomb that was assembled bore a signature . Intelligence Bureau officials say that each terror group had a signature styled bomb , which made it easier to track the outfit . The Students Islamic Movement of India , Indian Mujahideen , Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islamiall had their own style of packaging and also planting a bomb . . . However , today , that has changed . Terror groups have become extremely careful not to reveal their identity when an attack has been carried out . Earlier , terror groups wanted their identity to be known since it was a matter of pride for them . However , the terror scenario has changed a great deal and terror groups prefer to keep their identity concealed . . . This change has basically made investigation a nightmare for the police . Blast cases will not be easy to investigate in the days to come . It has become a cat and mouse game between terror groups and the police and the latter are sure going to find it very difficult to crack these cases . . . . . A police officer pointed out that nowadays with each blast the investigations need to start from scratch unlike the past where they could rely heavily on information obtained from earlier blasts . . . . . The blasts earlier had a connection and all the police needed to do was to join the dots . Moreover , when the Indian Mujahideen carried out blasts , they also gave the police the privilege of a full-fledged mail that gave the first lead . Now , this too is missing and terror groups have become smarter and try their best to conceal their identity as much as possible . . . Police sources say that they will have to rely much more on human intelligence in the days to come . These blasts that are taking place may not be undertaken by full-fledged terror groups and could be the handiwork of one or two people . This would mean that the police will have go back and rely on age-old tactics to crack the case . This means they will have to activate their sources on the ground -LRB- anti-social elements -RRB- and seek information from them . . . . . They will also have to rely heavily on statements given by those people present before the blast to find out if they saw anything suspicious . . . . . Each of the latest incidents of terror would need to be treated as a fresh case and the investigations need to be independent in nature . There is no point in relying on signatures and also information from previous blasts . One thing is clear that none of these blasts in the past two years are inter-connected . .