Sushanta Talukdar . . Police suspect that it is the handiwork of ULFA . . ULFA desperate to show its strength after arrests , say police . . Caller tells TV channels that ULFA is not involved in the blasts . . Guwahati : Seven people were killed and 55 , including minor children , injured in two bicycle-bomb blasts in Nalbari , headquarters town of lower Assams Nalbari district on Sunday morning . . . The first blast occurred just near the Nalbari Police Station in the heart of the town around 10 a.m. , injuring several people . As a huge crowd of market-goers gathered to help the injured and to witness the blast after-effects , another powerful blast occurred soon a few feet away from the first blast site . . . Five people died on the spot in the second blast and over 50 were injured , several critically . Two people died later in hospitals here . . . About 30 seriously injured were admitted to the Gauhati Medical College and Hospital -LRB- GMCH -RRB- and other hospitals . . . Police suspect that the blasts were the handiwork of the United Liberation Front of Asom -LRB- ULFA -RRB- . . . However , a caller , identifying himself as self-styled commander of the ULFAs 709 Battalion Hira Sarania , told three local television news channels that the outfit was not involved in the blasts . . . The caller alleged that the blasts could be the handiwork of vested interests to sabotage a fresh move by the Peoples Committee for Peace Initiative in Assam -LRB- PCPIA -RRB- , a conglomerate of civil society groups for brokering peace dialogue between the ULFA and the government . . . A PCPIA delegation is now camping in New Delhi to impress upon the Union government to initiate the stalled peace process with the ULFA . . . A senior police officer , who declined to be quoted on the ground that investigations were still on , told The Hindu that whether the ULFA denied it or not , the police suspected the twin blasts to be the handiwork of the militant outfit . . . Two improvised bicycle-bombs were triggered by the ULFA . In the past too , we had recovered similar bicycle-bombs of the ULFA . After triggering the blasts in a public place , the ULFA is in a denial mode , fearing public outcry against it , he said . . . The police also suspect that the ULFA was desperate to show its strength following the arrest of its self-styled foreign secretary Sashadhar Choudhury and finance secretary Chitraban Hazarika in Dhaka , now in custody of the Assam police .