DEWANA , India -- An explosion on a train headed for Pakistan set off a fire that swept through two cars and killed at least 66 people in an attack that a government minister said was aimed at undermining the peace process between India and Pakistan . . . Authorities said two suitcases packed with unexploded crude bombs and bottles of gasoline were found in cars not hit in the attack , leading them to suspect the fire was set off by an identical explosive device . . . `` This is an act of sabotage , '' Railway Minister Laloo Prasad told reporters in Patna , India . `` This is an attempt to derail the improving relationship between India and Pakistan . '' . . India 's junior home Minster , Sriprakash Jaiswal , said the homemade bombs were not powerful , and were simply intended to start a fire on the train , one day before Pakistani Foreign Minister Khursheed Kasuri was to arrive in New Delhi for talks on the ongoing peace process . . . Pakistani Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Tasnim Aslam said there were `` all kinds of terrorists '' who may have been behind the attack but said it was too early to speculate about the possible motive . . . `` We expect the Indian authorities to conduct a full investigation and punish those responsible for this heinous act of terrorism , '' she said . . . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh expressed anguish and grief at the loss of lives and said that `` the culprits will be caught , '' a brief statement by his office said . . . The fire engulfed two cars of the Samjhauta Express , one of two train links between India and Pakistan . As on most Indian trains , the windows of many cars are barred . In addition , investigators say at least one of the doors of the two burning carriages was fused shut by the heat of the flames , trapping some passengers inside . . . `` From the less damaged coach , some people were seen jumping out with their bodies on fire , '' Bharti Arora , superintendent of the Haryana state railway police , told reporters . . . The explosion and fire struck just before the train reached the station in the village of Dewana , about 50 miles north of New Delhi . In a stretch of nearly empty countryside , there was almost no one around to help . But townspeople and villagers soon flocked to the scene with buckets to try to put out the fire . . . Frantic relatives flocked to New Delhi 's main railway station Monday morning in search of answers . But there was only a handwritten list , posted on a bulletin board , with the names of 13 injured people and one identified body . . . Mohammed Wasim Khan , who had dropped off his uncle and two young nephews at the station late Sunday , said railway officials had brusquely told him to take a train to the scene of the blast if he wanted more information . . . .