The National Investigation Agency has announced cash awards for 12 absconding suspects in the Burdwan blast case . Of the 12 , four of the wanted persons are believed to be from Bangladesh , one from Assam and the rest from West Bengal . All of them are believed to have links with the Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh or JMB . The NIA has released photographs of nine of the wanted persons but has no photograph of three of the four suspected Bangladeshi nationals involved . Rs 10 lakh are being offered for five of those wanted : Sajid , 40 , suspected Bangladeshi , is believed to be the chief of the Burdwan module . He was staying near the Lalgola madrasa in Bengal 's Murshidabad district . Nasirullah , also known as Suhail , is believed to be a bomb-making expert who lost his right hand in an accidental improvised explosive device or IED blast . A suspected Bangladeshi , he was living at Beldanga in Murshidabad district , where the terror suspect Shakeel Ahmed , killed in the 2nd October blast , lived for some years . Kausar , a suspected Bangladeshi , was one of the last people to meet Shakeel Ahmed met before Ahmed died in the accidental bomb blast . Kausar was living in Burdwan and is believed to have carried IEDs into Bangladesh . The police has released a sketch of him . Talha Sheikh , 28 , and a suspected Bangladeshi , had two address in Bengal - One in Nadia district , another in Birbhum 's Kirnahar , which is President Pranab Mukherjee 's native place . He is believed to have trained jihadi recruits in the unrecognized madrasas of Shimula and Lalgola.Maulana Yusuf Shiekh , 32 , is the only Indian national for whom the NIA has offered a Rs 10 lakh award . He was a resident of Burdwan district and had allegedly set up the madrasa at Shimulia where jihadi training was allegedly imparted.The others with lesser sums on their heads are : Abu Kalam , believed to have links with Shakeel Ahmed . Amjad Ali Sheikh , a resident of Kirhanar , the President 's native place.Burhan Sheikh , who apparently gave land to set up the madrasa at Shimulia.Rejaul Karim , from whose house in Burdwan the NIA found 39 IEDs.Habibur Rahman Sheikh , who shared a house with Kausar . Jahirul Sheikh and Shahnur Alom - also called doctor '' - who is from Barpeta district of Assam . .