AHMEDABAD/LUCKNOW : Three weeks after serial blasts rocked Ahmedabad , killing 57 people , Gujarat police claimed a major breakthrough with the arrest of 10 activists of the banned Students Islamic Movement of India -LRB- SIMI -RRB- , including nine from Gujarat . -LRB- Watch -RRB- The formal announcement of these arrests was made only after the alleged mastermind , Mufti Abdul Bashar Kasmi , was picked up from Sarai Meer locality in Azamgarh district of Uttar Pradesh on Saturday . A Gujarat police team struggled to convince their reluctant UP counterparts about Bashar 's involvement and it took some phone calls between higher-ups in the two states to sort things out . -LRB- See Ninans Cartoon -RRB- Bashar was arrested in a joint operation and produced before the special CBI judge -LRB- Lucknow -RRB- Rekha Dixit who allowed 3 day transit-remand to Gujarat police.Police officials in Ahmedabad claimed that the group headed by SIMI leader Safdar Nagori had executed similar blasts in Jaipur , Hyderabad and Bangalore . After Nagori 's arrest in Indore in March ' 08 , Mufti Bashar had wrested control of SIMI 's terror module.The breakthrough is bound to boost the sagging morale of Indian agencies in the forefront of the war on terror . It 's the first time that police have moved with this kind of speed and thoroughness after a terror attack . It also marks a new level of coordination between state police forces and with central intelligence agencies , a factor cited as a negative after each terror attack . ` We say this with pleasure and pride that our investigations would lead to the cracking of other serial blasts in the country , ' said Gujarat DGP , P C Pande , acknowledging the contribution of police forces from Delhi , Rajasthan , Karnataka and Maharashtra in the investigations , apart from central agencies.Bashar re-grouped the SIMI network after Nagori 's arrest and plotted the Ahmedabad blasts with the help of a Mumbai-based techie , an employee of Wipro who is still at large . ` SIMI operatives were working under the guise of Indian Mujahideen . Remove the first and last letters of SIMI , and you have the IM , ' said Pande . . . ` Raw material for bombs came from MP ' Announcing the arrest of Mufti Abdul Bashar Kasmi , Gujarat DGP , P C Pande said : ` Mufti had paid frequent visits to Gujarat and the Ahmedabad and Surat terror strikes were planned during a camp held in January 2008 in the forests of Pavagadh , 50 km from Vadodara . Bashar planned the attacks in the house of Yunus Mansuri in Bapunagar area of Ahmedabad , ' said joint commissioner of police -LRB- crime -RRB- Ashish Bhatia , who led the investigations . ` Raw material for making the bombs arrived from Madhya Pradesh and a house in Vatva area of Ahmedabad was rented by the group to make the bombs . While some bombs were made at Yunus ' residence , the rest were manufactured in Vadodara and sent to Surat , ' said Bhatia . Crime branch officials said the two cars that were turned into deadly bombs in the Civil Hospital and L G Hospital blasts in Ahmedabad were stolen from Mumbai by SIMI activists from MP . The cars were handed over to the terror group in Vapi town of Gujarat and the car-lifters stayed in Bharuch with key SIMI operative , Sajid Mansuri , whose arrest earlier this week unravelled the whole plot . The cars were later brought to Ahmedabad and fitted with the bombs . Police have also identified the people and places from where second-hand bicycles were procured for use in the blasts .