Sushanta Talukdar . . Police suspect hand of adivasi outfit . . Guwahati : Five passengers of the 2423A Dibrugarh-Guwahati-Delhi Rajdhani Express were killed and four injured seriously in a bomb blast near the Chungajan railway station in Upper Assams Golaghat district late on Wednesday night . Police suspect that the blast could be the handiwork of the All Adivasi National Liberation Army -LRB- AANLA -RRB- . . . Inspector General of Police -LRB- Special Branch -RRB- Khagen Sharma told TheHindu that the needle of suspicion pointed to AANLA , which was active in Golaghat and Karbi Anglong districts . . . On December 3 , the outfit triggered an explosion on the tracks between the Khatikhati and Bokajan railway stations in Karbi Anglong district , causing minor damage to the Dibrugarh-bound 5959 up Kamrup Express . . . Police also suspect its hand in a blast on the tracks between the Tangla and Harisinga railway stations in Udalguri district on December 7 . . . The group had threatened to target innocent civilians and the Tarun Gogoi-led governments men to avenge the brutalities on protesters during a procession taken out by the All Adivasi Students Association of Assam at the Beltola locality here on November 24 . . . Golaghat District Superintendent of Police Pradip Chandra Saloi said the blast , suspected to have been caused by an improvised explosive device -LRB- IED -RRB- , occurred around 1 p.m. . A luggage van , containing passengers , took the entire impact of the blast , resulting in the death of five people and multiple injuries to four . . . The blast created a crater on the tracks and damaged two sleepers . The bodies of three victims were found lying outside the train and those of the two inside the luggage van . Police have sought forensic experts help to ascertain if the blast occurred on the tracks or if the IED was planted in the luggage van . Passengers of the luggage van said the train stopped only after they pulled the chain . However , the driver told the police that he did not stop the train immediately after the blast as he feared more attacks . . . Chief Public Relations Officer of Northeast Frontier Railway Trikalagya Rabha said the injured were taken to the Dimapur Civil Hospital . The train left for Guwahati from Chungajan at 6 a.m. after the luggage van was detached . It arrived here at 10 a.m. and started for Delhi at 11.45 a.m. , he added .