Appreciating the concern and sympathy expressed by the United States Ambassador , David C. Mulford , over the loss of lives in the serial bomb blasts in Assam and Nagaland , the Union Home Minister , Shivraj Patil , today refrained from commenting on his offer of providing FBI expertise to the Assam Government in probing the attacks . This is a gesture of extending help and sympathy by the U.S. Ambassador at a difficult time and it should be seen in that light only . The feelings expressed in the letter should be seen the way they have been expressed rather than turning the entire issue into a complex affair . I will not comment on the offer of Federal Bureau of Investigation help in investigating the bomb blasts as it falls in the domain of the Ministry of External Affairs , which is competent to comment on it , ' Mr. Patil told reporters during a briefing on the North-East situation . He refused to get drawn into further queries on Mr. Mulford 's offer of FBI help made directly to the Assam Chief Minister , Tarun Gogoi . We have the expertise . Earlier , the Special Secretary ( Home ) , Anil Chaudhary , faced a volley of questions on the U.S. offer . He summed up the response thus : Thank you very much for the offer , but we have the expertise for dealing with such incidents . India 's capabilities in investigating terrorist blasts are fairly good , ' Mr. Chaudhary said . It had joint working groups with 21 countries for cooperation in dealing with counter-terrorism and cross-border terrorism and there were various levels ' of cooperation . Highly-placed sources in the Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI ) and the security establishment said that Mr. Mulford 's offer should have been routed through the proper channel . The whole matter is raised suo motu by the U.S. Ambassador in New Delhi in a most presumptuous manner . This is a direct concern of law and order which happens to be a State subject and , to some extent , the matter of internal security is also the subject of the Centre . Senior CBI officials said the FBI had offered help in the investigation of the IC-814 Indian Airlines hijacking case , in tracking down Sikh militants and in applying pressure in the Abu Salem case . The FBI help came in handy in the Kolkata killings in January 2002 when the main accused , Aftab Ansari , was swiftly deported from the UAE but these are instances of agency-to-agency cooperation and in most of the cases the U.S. interest was quite high , ' sources said . The correct procedure would have been routing the offer through the Department of State or the Department of Justice to the Indian Government . If in the name of a crackdown on the Al-Qaeda , the U.S. can do it in Pakistan , it should not think that it can do the same in India , ' the sources in the security establishment said . CBI can do it ' . . A former CBI Director pointed out that investigation of the 1993 Bombay serial blasts was handled by the CBI without anybody 's help . We are not casting aspersions on the FBI 's capability but the CBI has cooperated with the FBI in cyber crime cases , other high-tech crimes and even offered training facilities to its experts in tracking down cyber crime cases . Though the cooperation from the FBI has been good , it has not even provided the transcripts of the interrogation of Afghan suspects in the IC-814 hijacking case . There is no need to become enthusiastic about the whole matter . It was pointed out that the CBI had put its foot down and insisted upon the route of a proper channel ' when the U.S. Assistant Secretary of State , Christina Rocca , wanted to pay a visit to its headquarters two years ago . The visit did take place but after getting clearance from the Ministries of External Affairs and Home . Her request of a presentation on the IC-814 hijack case was also met only then . Sources in the security set-up said the U.S. offer should have come for sharing intelligence on the Inter-Services Intelligence , which has a strong foothold in Bangladesh and is suspected of funding terror activities . The U.S. move could also be an attempt to gain a foothold in the sensitive North-East region , which is the gateway to South-East Asia and borders Myanmar and China , sources felt .