Four days after the twin blasts on a train at the Chennai Central , investigators are suspecting the role of the home-grown terror group , Indian Mujahideen -LRB- IM -RRB- , in the terrorist act that claimed the life of a woman passenger and injured 14 others . . . While the IM is also suspected to have been involved in the blasts at Patna last October ahead of a rally by the BJPs prime ministerial candidate , Narendra Modi , the Tamil Nadu CB-CID police are coordinating with the National Investigating Agency -LRB- NIA -RRB- probing the Patna blasts , top police sources told The Hindu on Monday . . . The State polices coordination covers tracking the location and movements of the suspects absconding in the Patna blasts case , the sources said . The arrested accused in the case were also being quizzed about their alleged associates at large , they said . . . The timer devices , planted in two coaches of the Bangalore-Guwahati Express , exploded on May 1 , shortly after the train reached Chennai Central that morning beyond schedule . The probe team had , inferring from the trains delayed arrival , said that if not for the delay , the bombs could have gone off in neighbouring Andhra Pradesh , where Mr. Modi had addressed election meetings later that day . . . The CB-CID investigators were further probing other angles to the motives , sources said . They are also looking at other possible targets , particularly why the attackers chose the Guwahati-bound train and whether it was meant to be a retaliatory message sought to be conveyed after the recent killings of Muslims in Assam , the sources said . . . In widening their investigation , the CB-CID police were coordinating with their counterparts in Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka , Assam , Bihar and West Bengal and shared the CCTV footage with them . On how the bombs could have been triggered to explode in Tamil Nadu , the sources explained that timer devices were usually programmed up to seven hours , as was done in the Chinnasamy Stadium blast in Bangalore during the IPL a couple of years ago . . . Flutter at Katpadi . . Meanwhile , CB-CID sleuths , who took a look at the CCTV footage from the cameras fixed at the Katpadi station on Monday , were stunned to find that a man waiting on the platform in the early hours of May 1 there resembled the suspect spotted in the Chennai Central CCTV footage released by the police earlier . . . The height and dress colour of the man standing on the platform of the Katpadi station by 4 . 02 a.m. on May 1 was similar to the man hurriedly coming out of Chennai Central , police sources in Vellore said . The Bangalore-Guwahati Express , scheduled to reach Katpadi by 3.13 a.m. , arrived that day at 4.42 a.m. , raising queries whether the man who planted the bomb had boarded the train at Katpadi . But the video did not show the man carrying any backpack . . . However , the poor quality pictures have prevented the CB-CID sleuths from coming to any definitive conclusion so far .