Bomb blasts rocked Assam and Manipur during Independence Day functions injuring one person even as Chief Ministers asked extremists to abjure violence and return to the mainstream . In Srinagar , Chief Minister Omar Abdullah in his Independence Day address advocated resumption of dialogue with Pakistan as well as with the separatists to resolve the political issues of Jammu and Kashmir . Jammu and Kashmir is a political problem and can be resolved only through a process of dialogue . We have to start the dialogue process both internally as well as bilaterally ( with Pakistan ) for addressing this issue , he said at the Bakshi Stadium . He said Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his Pakistan counterpart Nawaz Sharif should take steps for earning each other 's confidence to carry forward the dialogue process between the two countries . Omar also expressed concern over the recent ceasefire violations by Pakistan , saying such incidents were not good for the dialogue process . You violate the ceasefire , our people suffer . We retaliate , your people suffer . Guns can not be a solution , he said . The celebrations passed off peacefully in the state with no report of any untoward incident from anywhere in the Valley . In Bongaigaon in Assam , the anti-talk NDFB ( Sangbijit ) faction triggered serial blasts injuring one person in Kokrajhar district where the outfit exploded two grenades while another was triggered in neighbouring Chirang district . Bipul Brahma ( 45 ) was injured in one of the explosions in Kokrajhar . Another unexploded bomb was recovered from the district and defused . A powerful bomb exploded a few minutes before the celebrations of Independence day in Manipur but no casualty was reported . The bomb , planted by insurgents , went off at around 8.20 AM at Moirangkhom petrol pump area , about 400 metres from the 1st Manipur rifles parade ground ahead of the I-Day function . The site of the explosion was about one km from the residence of Chief Minister Ibobi Singh , who asked insurgents to give up violence and join the national mainstream by participating in implementation of various development programmes for the welfare of the people .