At least20 persons were killed andover 50injured whentwo blasts rocked Varanasi on Tuesday evening . . . According to the police , two blasts occurred almost simultaneously at about 6.30 pm . The first blast took place at the Sankat Mochan Hanuman temple that was crowded on Tuesday , believed to be a special day for Lord Hanuman . . . Panic prevailed at the temple with at least 10 persons dying on the spot while about 40 were wounded . `` Ten of the woundedare critical , '' a hospital official said . . . Asimilar explosion in the waiting area of the Varanasi railway station followed the temple blast.A bomb went off outside the station master 's room at the railway station , leaving five dead and about 20 injured . . . Another live bomb was unearthed in Gudaulia residential locality . `` It was diffused by the bomb squad , '' police said . . . According to Varanasi Senior Superintendent of Police Navneet Sikera , `` The blasts were big and we would not rule out more casualties . '' . . Ammonium Nitrate was used in the bombs , official sources said . They were connected to timer devices that were set to go off in a serial manner . . . Sikera also does not rule out a terrorist hand behind the blast . `` What else could it be ? '' he asked . `` I would not be surprised if it were some kind of a retaliatory act by Lashkar-e-Tayiba , as we had nabbed one of their agents in Varanasi in February , '' Sikera sought to add . . . The suspected LeT agent was handed over to West Bengal police as the Bengal police had alerted them about the accused . . . Sikera was unable to give any further details of the blast . `` Our priority is to ensure maintenance of law and order and to see that peace and harmony is not disturbed , '' he added . . . While the injured have been rushed to the Benaras Hindu University hospital , the entire temple complex has been cordoned off . . . Sheela Bhatt adds from New Delhi : . . A top intelligence official said that two live bombs were recovered from the city -- one at the Godalia crossroads and one at the famous Gangaghat . . . Intelligence sources added that a reason for the temple being so crowded was a wedding ceremony in the temple between a Nepali girl and a Bihari boy . . . The Sankat Mochan temple is the oldest Hanuman temple in Varanasi . . . It is said that Saint Tulsidas established two temples in Varanasi and this Hanuman temple is of great value to people who follow the saint 's Ramcharita Manas . . . `` Every Hindu visitor to our city goes to this temple , '' Dr Rakesh Mazumdar , a resident of Varanasi told rediff.com . . . In India , millions of Hindus are followers of Bajrangbali ( Lord Hanuman ) and the Sankat Mochan temple is a sacred spot for them . . . Mazumdar said , `` Even Amitabh Bachchan celebrated wife Jaya 's 50th birthday here . '' . . Anil Mishra , a senior journalist with Hindustan newspaper said , `` Residents of Varanasi were aware of terrorist threats in city . In the last three months , three Lashkar-e-Tayiba terrorists were caught and the police knew that city is under risk . But it looks like not enough security measures have been taken . '' . . The temple is run by the Sankat Mochan Foundation , which is headed by Veer Bhadra Mishra , who was named by Time magazine as one of the Heroes of the Planet in 1999 for his work in cleaning the Ganga river . . . The Benaras Hindu University Hospital helpline number : 0542-2369242 . . .