Zeenews Bureau . . Ludhiana , Oct 14 : Ludhiana , Oct 14 : A bomb blast ripped through one of the halls of the Shringar cinema hall multiplex in Ludhiana killing at least 6 and injuring 30 at around 8.50 pm on Sunday evening . The blast took place when a large number of people were watching the 7pm show of a film Janan Janam Ke Saath , DIG ( Range ) Ishwar Singh said . It was not immediately known what caused the explosion in the hall in the multiplex in Sarmala road which was teeming with hundreds of people on a festive Sunday evening . . . Reports indicate that the bomb exploded in the middle of first and second seat in the front row , near the screen . The injured have been rushed to the Christian Medical Hospital and Civil Hospital and rescue efforts are in full swing . Atleast 10 are said to be critically injured . . . ` The cause of the blast is yet to be ascertained , ' Ishwar Singh said . . . Police did not rule out the hand of terrorists in the blast but said the casualties could go up . Limbs of some of the dead were seen dismembered . . . According to an estimate , as many as 700 were watching the show on the festive occasion of Eid . Chaos and confusion prevailed after the blast as people were seen running helter and skelter searching for their loved ones . . . Fire brigades and administrative officials have reached the spot to take charge of the situation . The hall , situated on the Samrala street , was filled with smoke even as the officials took control of the situation . It is the busy market area of the city . . . Forensic experts and bomb disposal squad have also arrived at the spot . Security bandobast was in place in the wake of the recent Ajmer blast . . . DGP N P Singh said four persons died on the spot while two died in the hospital . He said one person had come inside the theatre during interval time and the needle of suspicion is on him . . . Low intensity explosives were used , N P Singh said , adding it is too early to name any terror outfit who could be behind the blast . . . Windowpanes in the multiplex were smashed while several chairs were destroyed . . . The blast comes as a shock to the people of Punjab as it has not witnessed any such incident since the dreaded terror phase . . . The govt has declared a red alert in the entire state . . . Meanwhile , the Centre has got in touch with the Punjab government seeking details about the explosion in the cinema hall here . . . Official sources in Union Home Ministry said that the Centre had spoken to officials in Punjab government , asking a complete picture of the incident . . . The Union Home Secretary , after talking to Punjab Chief Secretary , apprised the Home Minister Shivraj Patil of the situation .