MUMBAI : Prime minister Manmohan Singh and Congress party leader Sonia Gandhi on Thursday arrived at Saifee hospital at 8.30 pm , along with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan , and went straight to the 6th floor , where victims of Wednesday 's serial blasts have been admitted , of which seven are in the ICU . Doctors appraised them of their condition and the entourage then went to the 5th floor , to meet other victims . They were at the hospital for 25 minutes . Eighteen victims are at Saifee , including a boy with an amputated leg . They later visited JJ Hospital too . Singh praised the state administration , saying it had risen remarkably well after the blasts . ` There has been a remarkable coordination of efforts . Now , the task is to find out who the culprits are and bring them to justice , ' Singh said , adding he had come to Mumbai to share the deep sorrow of the people . Earlier , Union home minister P Chidambaram stated that all cities were vulnerable to attacks and admitted that neither the Centre nor the state government had intelligence inputs about the serial blasts . However , he made it clear that having no prior inputs did not necessarily mean intelligence failure . The minister , who was addressing the media at the state government 's guest house , was accompanied by Chavan , deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar , home minister R R Patil and key state officials . After visiting the blast sites , Chidambaram pointed out that ammonium nitrate was used in all three blasts . He stated that the blasts were well coordinated . ` Indians are living in troubled neighborhoods , as Pakistan and Afghanistan have become epicentres of terrorism . All cities are vulnerable , ' he added . Chidambaram observed that the blast near the Kabutarkhana at Dadar was low intensity , while those at Opera House and Zaveri Bazar were of medium to high intensity . ` Zaveri Bazar and Opera House have narrow bylanes with a high density of population . Even a low intensity blast would have a great impact ... this could be why the neighborhoods were chosen for the attack , ' he said . He also appreciated the resilience shown by all Mumbaikars . Bharatiya Janata Party -LRB- BJP -RRB- leader L K Advani said that Pakistan was waging a proxy war against India through terror attacks , and added that there was no point in continuing dialogue with the neighbour until it dismantled terror camps on its soil . Advani , who arrived in Mumbai on Thursday morning , visited the blast sites as well as victims in various hospitals . The city , he said , had become a favourite target for terrorists , adding that the attacks were not an intelligence failure but the failure of government policy . Meanwhile , Rahul Gandhi 's remark that it was impossible to stop terrorist activities in the country has raised the hackles of the opposition Shiv Sena-BJP combine and the Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena -LRB- MNS -RRB- . Chidambaram too earned the opposition 's ire for his statement that the blasts do not indicate intelligence failure . ` Gandhi 's statement smacks of gross insensitivity , ' Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray said . He was talking informally to mediapersons after visiting KEM hospital , where he met victims . Sena chief Bal Thackeray condemned the Centre and the Maharashtra government for the ` dastardly ' attack on Mumbai , and urged Mumbaikars to arm themselves for protection in view of the apathy and indifference of those in power . MNS chief Raj Thackeray came down heavily on Gandhi for his ` foolish remark ' . ` Gandhi should remember that his father and grandmother died in terror attacks . Gandhi should have displayed sensitivity to those who died in the Mumbai blasts , ' said Raj .