At least 27 people were killed and 93 wounded , many critically , in four powerful bomb blasts Saturday in revolt-racked northeast India , police said . Three blasts occurred in Dimapur , the commercial hub of Nagaland , killing 21 people in what the states chief minister called the worst ever terrorist strike '' in the tiny states history . There were limbs everywhere and blood was splattered all over , '' said student leader T. Zheviho who was at a crowded railway station where one bomb exploded as passengers awaited a train . Two other bombs blew up in markets . I had a miraculous escape , '' Zheviho told AFP by telephone from Dimapur , 70 kilometers ( 45 miles ) east of Nagaland capital Kohima . Police said the plastic explosive RDX appeared to have been used in the railway blast and were probing the nature of the market bombs . We found a briefcase at the railway station with fuse wires . First findings show it contained RDX and a timer-device , V. Peseyie , Dimapur additional police chief , said . There were no immediate claims of responsibility for the explosions in the revolt-infested northeast where some 30 guerrilla groups are battling for greater autonomy or independence . A bomb also exploded in neighbouring Assam , killing one person and injuring seven but police said the attacks did not seem to be linked . The blasts occurred as India marked the 135th anniversary of the birth of Mahatma Gandhi who led the successful drive to win independence from British colonial rule in 1947 . Nagalands ill-equipped hospitals battled to treat the wounded . Many have multiple face and abdomen wounds . Theyre in a state of trauma . Were trying to cope . Weve never had such a devastating emergency , said doctor T. Lotha at a private hospital in Dimapur treating blast victims . Nagaland Chief Minister Neibhiu Rio said the death toll from the bombs totalled at least 26 and another 86 were in hospital . The death toll may go up as many are in a very critical condition , '' he said . This is the worst ever terrorist strike in Nagaland . People are still dealing with the shock theyre not yet thinking about who to blame . The bomb attacks shattered the relative calm of the mainly farming state of two million where a truce has been in effect with Nagalands largest separatist group , the National Socialist Council of Nagaland ( NSCN ) , in 1997 . New Delhi and the NSCN have been holding talks aimed ending nearly six decades of insurgency in the state . Two rival factions of the NSCN denied involvement in the attack . In the blast in western Assam , one man died and seven were wounded , '' a police official told AFP . It was the second major burst of violence in two-and-a-half months in the northeast where some 30 guerrilla groups are battling for greater autonomy or independence . Fifteen were killed , many of them children , in a rebel attack on an Independence Day parade in Assam August 15 for which the United Liberation Front of Asom claimed responsibility . More than 50,000 people have died in Indias northeast since independence in fighting between security forces and rebel groups , who say their cultures and the regions resources are under threat from outsiders .