A bomb blast took place just a few metres away from the BJP headquarters at Malleshwaram here at 10.45 am on Wednesday . Thirteen people were injured in the incident , including eight policemen . No death occurred . The condition of two people were serious . The injured were admitted to hospital . Union Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde spoke on the Bangalore blast in Kolkata on Wednesday . He said he had already constituted a probe into the Bangalore blast . 2.13 pm . . The Congress-led UPA distanced itself from Shakeel Ahmed 's remark that the blast would help the BJP 's cause in the upcoming Karnataka polls . 2.06 pm . . An NSG team is set to leave for Bangalore . 1.54 pm . . Another blast was reported by the local media from Hebbal . Police , however , denied such reports . 1.47 pm . . NIA and sleuths were probing the blast site . Karnataka has been put on high alert . 1.45 pm . . Bangalore Police was alerted about possible disruptive activities a couple of days ago . On Tuesday , Bangalore hosted an IPL match and the security was expected to be high with elections around the corner . 1.40 am . . BJP spokesperson Meenakshi Lekhi condemned the blast . 1.38 pm . . The Ind-Suzuki motorcycle in which the explosive ( 500 grams ) was placed had a Tamil Nadu registration number and was parked there since yesterday , sources said . The explosion was carried out with a timer , it was learnt . The two-wheeler was a stolen one , reports said . 1.36 pm . . Senior BJP leader Vankaiah Naidu condemned the incident and hoped that the Centre and the government of Karnataka probed the incident in proper coordination . He said they would wait for the outcome of the probe . Earlier BJP President Rajanth Singh said the BJP never politicised terror activities . He said he had spoken to Shettar and ensured that everything was okay . 1.23 pm . . All people injured in the blast are out of danger , say reports . 1.15 pm . . Reports confirmed that IED was used to trigger the Malleshwaram blast in Bangalore on Wednesday morning . 1.10 pm . . R Ashoka , Karnataka deputy chief minister and home minister said the BJP will not be deterred by such cowardly acts . He said it was clearly an act of terror . A picture of the motorcycle which was ripped apart in the explosion near BJP office in Bangalore . April 17 , 2013 1.05 pm . . A picture of the motorcycle which was ripped apart in the explosion near BJP office in Bangalore . A female victim admitted in the hospital said she fell down after hearing a massive explosion and seeing fire . I do n't remember anything after that , she said . Meanwhile , officials said none of the vehicles that were present at that Bangalore blast site had a LPG kit . Karnataka Police DGP Lalrokhuma Pachau said the motorcycle and a van were damaged the most in the blast . 12.51 pm . . Shakeel Ahmed 's tweet was termed insensitive by the Twitterati . Some criticised Ahmed for politicising the blast . 12.48 pm . . IED was used in the blast , said TV news sources . It was a low-intensity blast , added reports . 12.44 pm . . Home Secretary RPN Singh appealed for peace and calm . Police said the nature of the injuries in the blast were not very serious and the injured were undergoing treatment at KC Hospital . Singh said the Karnataka Police will be given all possible help in probing the incident . 12.33 pm . . Police were suspecting whether the blast targetted at the BJP office . The entire area has been cordoned off . The toll of injured touches 16 . 12.23 pm . . The injured in the blast included a CRPF jawan and a 18-year-old PU student who was on her way to the tutorial . They were being treated at KC Hospital in Malleshwaram . Two teenage girls were among the injured . 12.13 pm . . An NIA team was rushed to the blast spot . Although initially it was said that the NIA 's assistance would not be required to probe the case . A forensic team had also reached the spot to probe the incident . The bomb squad was also expected to arrive at the spot . 12.09 pm . . BJP spokesperson Ashwatnarayana said they had come out in the street after hearing a huge blast . We had first thought it to be a transformer blast , he said . Thanks to good old trees on Bevinamarada Raste the damage is minimal , the BJP man told OneIndia News . If the blast near BJP 's office in Banglore is a terror attack , it will certainly help the BJP politically on the eve of election . BJP leader Balbir Punj had said earlier that he hoped that it was not a terror attack . 11.45 am . . Commissioner of Police Raghavendra Auradkar said the explosion was caused by a motorcycle bomb . The police said the explosives were placed on the motorcycle . The police , however , said there was no need to seek NIA help in the probe at the moment . 11.30 am . . Karnataka Chief Minister Jagadish Shettar said it was too early to make any statement on whether it was a terror attack . He said the officials were investigatiing it thoroughly .