SRINAGAR , Aug 10 In the first major strike after the withdrawal of ceasefire , suspected Hizbul Mujahideen militants today triggered a powerful car bomb blast , killing 12 persons including 10 policemen and a photographer of a national daily in a decoy grenade attack here . . . Eyewitnesses put the death toll at 14 , including 12 securitymen , in the blast which Army experts believed was triggered by PETN chemical explosive at the fashionable Residency Road . . . The policemen killed were identified as Sub-Inspector Mohammed Yaqoob and constables Imtiyaz Ahmad , Nissar Ahmad , Jan Mohammad , Devinder Singh , Nissar Ahmad , Bodh Raj and Mohammad Ashraf . . . Army experts said PETN explosive was believed to be used in triggering the explosion . . . The white Ambassador car bearing number JK01B-9001 used in the blast is believed to have been stolen one , official sources said . . . Deputy Superintendent of Police Kuldip Sharma and Delhi-based photographer Pradip Kumar Bhatia were among the killed in the blast which occurred at 12.30 p.m. Mr Sharma and Mr Bhatia were injured and died in the hospital later . . . Two police officers , including a Superintendent of Police Pankaj Saxena , an Army Major and six photo-journalists and TV cameramen were among the injured when an explosive-laden white Ambassador car , believed to be a stolen one , blew up . . . An official spokesman said the car bomb went off 15 minutes after a grenade was exploded by militants near Kothibagh police station after which senior police officials and mediapersons rushed to the spot . . . As the officers inspected the grenade attack site , the car parked in a lane blew up , killing nine policemen on the spot , the spokesman said . . . The police said a shopkeeper , Bashir Ahmad Gandroo , died of cardiac arrest following the deafening sound of the blast . . . The injured included mostly police personnel , securitymen and press photographers who had gone to the spot after the grenade explosion . Among the photojournalists injured were Amin War , I Tariq , H.U. Naqash , ( Asian Age ) , Rafiq Manzoor , Fayaz Kabli and Bilal Bhat . Bilal Bhat ( ANI ) and Fayaz Kabli of Reuters were later discharged from SMHS Hospital and Soura Medical Institute , respectively . . . Others are undergoing treatment at Soura Medical Institute . . . Eyewitnesses said the explosion took place in a white Ambassador car parked near the SBI gate that was being searched by the police and Army personnel after the grenade explosion . . . The bodies of those killed are kept at the police control room . The body of Pradeep Bhatia , photo-journalist of the Hindustan Times will be sent to Delhi tomorrow . . . Journalists have expressed shock . . PTI adds : Two top militants were killed in an exchange of fire with the security forces in Ramkote area of Kathua district on Wednesday night , official sources said . . . An infiltration bid was foiled in Noushera when the security forces gunned down a top ultra . . . Militants threw grenades at the house of counter insurgent Abdul Rehman Padroo at Tangaloo-Duroo in Anantnag district killing his mother on the spot and injuring five other family members . . . BARAMULA ( UNI ) : At least seven houses were reduced to a rubble and five partially damaged in artillery and mortar shelling by Pakistani troops in Karnah sector early this morning . . . Official sources said Pakistani troops resorted to unprovoked shelling from across the border , targeting civilian areas and security installations . . . A dozen houses were hit by shells in Umar Rahi village near the Line of Control .