Bodh Gaya : Thirty six hours after multiple blasts rocked the Mahabodhi temple , a heritage site in Bihar 's Bodh Gaya , it was re-opened to the public and special prayers for peace were held by hundreds of Buddhist monks . ( Read : Latest developments ) Investigators are , however , yet to get clear leads on who was behind the series of explosions on early Sunday morning , which left two monks injured . They are studying CCTV footage from about 15 cameras installed in the temple and released footage of an explosion near the Bodhi tree . They have also detained a man called Vinod Mistry , whose identity card was found at the blasts site , and are questioning him . Mr Mistry has , however , reportedly claimed that he had lost his identity card a few days ago.There were 10 blasts at the temple and not nine as was earlier reported , Home Minister Sushil Kumar Shide said today . Three live bombs were found and were defused . An analysis of the bombs as allegedly revealed similarities between the Bodh Gaya explosions and the deadly blasts in Jaipur in 2008 and Pune in 2012 , in which the police suspect the hand of terror group Indian Mujahideen . But investigators warn that more evidence is needed before drawing conclusions.Clocks were used to trigger the blasts yesterday and all bombs were timed to explode at 5.30 am . The investigators are trying to work out why that time was chosen as activity inside the temple is minimal then . The unexploded bombs had Urdu markings on them.The bombs were strategically placed , one was even planted at a height of 20 feet on a Buddha statue , for which a ladder would have been needed , the police said . But no one saw a ladder being brought into the temple premises . ( Read ) Chief Minister Nitish Kumar , criticised for not having secured the temple adequately despite an intelligence report in October last year that it could be attacked , has requested the Centre to take over security at the heritage site . We are requesting the central government to give the responsibility of the security arrangements of the temple to the Central Industrial Security Force or CISF , Mr Kumar said . ( Read : Politics over blasts - It 's BJP vs Nitish , Digvijaya ) Mr Kumar accused the BJP , which was a partner in his government till last month , and rival Lalu Prasad 's RJD of colluding to politicise the Bodh Gaya blasts . The two parties had called for a bandh or shut down in the region . .