Denying the allegation that the Trinamool Congress had links with the blast at Khagragarh in Bardhaman ( Burdwan ) district last Thursday , party general secretary Mukul Roy said the investigation was following normal procedure . He lauded the police administration for a proper and fast investigation . Two persons were killed and another was injured in the blast . Earlier in the day , the Bharatiya Janata Party and the Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) charged the Trinamool with having links with the blast . How do we know if the BJP and the CPI ( M ) are not linked with the blast and is trying to create unrest in the State ? Mr. Roy asked . He alleged that the Opposition was making irresponsible comments . Biman Bose , CPI ( M ) State secretary , and the BJP are trying to disturb the peace and thus denigrate the government ... by making irresponsible statements . Denying the allegation that the house where the blast occurred had a Trinamool office , Mr. Roy said it must be substantiated . Local people would have known , if the house had the Trinamool office . Electronic media would have filmed ... do you have any footage that establishes that the house had ( party ) office , he asked . One may cook any allegation but it has to be substantiated . In the Babri Masjid demolition case , many allegations were made against BJP leaders , but nothing materialised , he said . BJP charge . . BJP leader Siddharth Nath Singh said at a press conference in Delhi that Bangladeshi infiltrators had rented the housed . Mr. Singh said : The local police destroyed all evidence to cover up the incident so that the Trinamool remained above suspicion . The local police collected samples and destroyed it within seven hours . The evidence included mobile phones , ID , IM proofs and al-Qaedas jihadi literature . Since the Central forces were informed late , they could not reach on time . All these raise questions on the Mamata Banerjee government , Mr. Singh said . Central agency sources told The Hindu that their officials were not allowed entry into the house even two days after the explosion . However , West Bengal Home Secretary Basudeb Banerjee denied non-cooperation with the Central agencies . West Bengal Left Front committee chairperson Biman Basu quoted newspaper reports to say pamphlets of banned Muslim fundamentalist organisation were recovered from the house . Later , the CPI ( M ) said in a statement that the Trinamool office was located in the house . Soon after the explosion , the signboard of the Trinamool Congress was removed ... local people alleged that that the police tried to block the probe initially , Mr. Bose said .