In all its 30 years as a militant organisation claiming to fight the state in the name of the people of Assam , the United Liberation Front of Asom -LRB- ULFA -RRB- has not once shown any serious inclination to push for a political solution . Instead , its commitment to a sovereign Assam through armed struggle has invariably led it to pick soft targets , especially innocent civilians , in cowardly strike-and-flee terror operations across the north-eastern regions largest State . The spate of attacks during the run-up to the general election , which is scheduled for April 23 in Assam , is in keeping with the groups virulent opposition to the democratic process . ULFA evidently has more faith in its fire power against soft targets than in the people it claims to represent . The bomb blasts of April 6 , which claimed 10 lives , were timed for the visit of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to Assam , and also Raising Day , which marks the founding of the chauvinist outfit on April 7 , 1979 . For some years now , ULFA has chosen Raising Day , along with Republic Day and Independence Day , for carrying out major operations . In recent months , the dates of VIP visits have fallen in the same category . . . With its limited support base and its terrorist skills , ULFA poses a challenge more on the security front than on the political . Belying its name , it has failed to win anything but fringe support among the people of a State that badly needs livelihood support , jobs , and development and looks to the central government for more substantial assistance . After the dialogue process reached a dead-end in 2007 , ULFA faced a revolt in its ranks for the simple reason that it had no programme other than mindless violence that was leading nowhere . Unfortunately , security agencies were not quick enough to take advantage of this internal weakness , in part because ULFA was using Bangladesh as a base for its hit-and-hide operations . With Sheikh Hasina coming to power , India has a friendly government to count on . It needs to deploy all its persuasive powers to have the terrorist group flushed out of its Bangladesh sanctuaries . At home , the security forces must devise a coordinated operation to eliminate ULFAs infrastructure . A pan-north-east campaign against violent extremism has become an imperative and for this inter-State coordination , better intelligence , and more efficient sharing of intelligence among central security and State police forces is vital . ULFA has pockets of activity in Nagaland , Meghalaya , and Arunachal Pradesh and these must be eliminated through coordinated action . Meanwhile , the best answer to ULFAs extremism will be ensuring a peaceful general election in Assam . . . Corrections and Clarifications . . In General Elections 2009 , voting in Assam is in two phases - on April 16and April 23 . The editorial ` Combating ULFA ' -LRB- April 9 , 2009 -RRB- mentioned itas April 23 .