NEW DELHI : One person was injured in a blast in the Indian capital on Monday , but the incident was not linked to bomb attacks on two cinemas showing a controversial Sikh film , the police said . Delhi police chief K K Paul said investigations were underway into all three explosions but there was no evidence as yet to ` prove Monday 's blast is linked to Sunday 's explosions . ' The latest blast went off in the middle-class residential district of Nand Nagri in eastern Delhi early on Monday morning . The blast occurred when a man picked up a lady 's purse he found abandoned by the roadside , said another police officer asking not to be identified . The man was rushed to hospital with injuries on his hands and face , he said . Home Minister Shivraj Patil confirmed the third blast , which came after two explosions at cinemas overnight left at least one person dead and 49 injured . ` The injuries to the people are not life threatening , and they are out of danger , ' Patil said Monday . ` The police have been asked to keep a close watch and tighten security . ' The two cinemas were screening the Bollywood action thriller Jo Bole So Nihal , which is a Sikh religious chant used as a battle cry or in prayer . The Sikh Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee , the highest authority in the Sikh religion , had demanded a ban on the film , saying its content and use of the prayer as a title had hurt Sikh religious sentiment . The film was withdrawn from all theatres in Punjab last week following protests from the committee . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh visited the wounded in hospital on Monday , a spokesman for his office said . An emergency cabinet meeting late Sunday chaired by Singh condemned the blasts . Meanwhile , an LeT militant was arrested in Delhi shortly after twin blasts after twin bomb blasts in two cinema halls . Mohammad Irshad was nabbed in Safdarjung area by the Special Cell which is investigating the blasts in the movie theatres , the sources said . However , it was not clear whether he was involved in the explosions .