Maoists on Saturday ambushed a Congress convoy in Bastar 's Darbha Valley , 350 km from capital Raipur , killing senior Congress leader Mahendra Karma and critically injuring former Union Minister V C Shukla . Former Chhattisgarh home minister Karma , the torchbearer of the controversial Salwa Judum ( a vigilante movement against Maoists that involved arming villagers ) , and former legislator Uday Mudliliyar were among the 24 people killed . Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi will be travelling to Raipur . Gurgaon 's Medanta hospital has sent an air ambulance to the site to airlift the injured Shukla . Television media pictures show a Congress leader in critical condition following a Maoist ambush on a party convoy in Bastar 's Darbha Valley . . The police said the Maoists had kidnapped Chhattisgarh Pradesh Congress Committee chief Nand Kumar Patel and his son Dinesh , while a prominent woman tribal leader , Phulo Devi Netam , suffered injuries . Chhattisgarh , a hotbed of Maoist-waged violence , is set to go to polls later this year . The attack took place around 5.30 pm when the Congress convoy , comprising more than 20 cars and ferrying nearly 120 Congress leaders and workers , was on its way from the party 's Parivartan Rally ' in Sukma to Jagdalpur . While passing through a dense forest , about 50 km from their destination , the convoy found its path blocked by a tree that had been felled by Maoists . A group of around 150 rebels then triggered a blast and began indiscriminate fire . The personal security officers of the Congress leaders returned the fire but soon ran out of bullets becoming sitting ducks . Sources said Karma , who had earlier survived quite a few attempts on his life , was surrounded by at least 100 Maoists before he was killed . After carrying out the attack , the Maoists set nearby trees on fire . Ex-union minister V C Shukla was wounded in the attack . . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh called up Chhattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh soon after the attack to inquire about the ground situation . Senior home ministry officials convened for a high-level meeting following the attack and sources said additional forces have been rushed to Chhattisgarh . Sources added that the Central Reserve Police Force , responsible for anti-Maoist operations , was planning an onslaught to flush out the rebels from the jungles fearing more such attacks , with combing operations in the works too . UPA chairperson and Congress president Sonia Gandhi condemned the incident , terming it an attack on democratic values . Addressing the media after meeting Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress vicepresident Rahul Gandhi , Sonia said : We are astounded and pained by what has happened . The Prime Minister has spoken to the chief minister . . . The BJP condemned the attack and said partisan concerns should not be allowed to hinder the fight against terror . NDA working chairperson and BJP veteran L K Advani called up the Prime Minister and asserted that concerted effort should be made to tackle Maoism and Naxalism with a heavy hand , a statement from his office said . BJP president Rajnath Singh echoed the sentiment . The fight against Naxalism and terrorism should be undertaken by all rising above partisan politics , he said . According to sources , Congress leaders in the state had been at the receiving end of threats from Maoists . There was intelligence that Congress leadership could be targeted in the Bastar region , a home ministry official said . Allegations flew thick following the attack , with a few Congress leaders accusing the ruling BJP government of failing to provide adequate security for the party 's pre-poll statewide campaign , which it has termed the Parivartan Yatra ' . Forces were deployed to ensure the safe progress of the BJP 's Vikas Yatra . We were not provided similar security , despite the state administration knowing full well about our scheduled yatra , former chief minister and Congress leader Ajit Jogi said . Union minister of State for Home RPN Singh will travel to Jagdalpur on Sunday as senior minister Sushilkumar Shinde is abroad on a trip .