Over 62 injured ; terrorists target Sankat Mochan temple , railway station ; security stepped up nationwide . . Varanasi : Three bomb explosions ripped through this holy city , killing at least 21 persons and injuring 62 others at a crowded temple and a railway station . . . The police found two other bombs near the city 's main cremation site on the banks of the Ganga . . . Immediately after the blasts , the police were put on high alert in several parts of the country and security was stepped up at places of worship , vital installations and government buildings . . . Temple was crowded . . The first blast took place inside the Sankat Mochan temple adjacent to the Kashi Vishwanath temple . The bomb went off around 6.30 p.m. when the temple was teeming with devotees during the evening pooja . An eyewitness said a marriage ceremony was in progress at the temple . . . `` The blast was so powerful that it could be heard across the town ... we have moved five or six badly-burned dead , '' he said . . . `` Everyone was running . There were corpses lying around , '' another witness told a television news channel . `` There was almost a stampede . '' . . Rescue workers struggled in the city 's narrow lanes to cart out the victims , said the people on the scene . . . Minutes later , another bomb went off in the holding area of platform one of the Cantonment railway station . . . The third blast occurred in a crowded coach of the Shiv Ganga Express just before it was to leave for New Delhi . The compartment was packed with people going on vacation ahead of the Holi . . . An official said 10 persons died at the temple and 11 at the railway station . Eight of them were women , he said . . . `` We are counting the bodies as they are coming in . There is confusion everywhere and all I can say of now is that three of the eight are young girls , '' he told AFP by telephone . . . Around 62 people were injured , some in critical condition , he said . . . Kalam appeals for calm . . President A.P.J. Abdul Kalam condemned the blasts and appealed for calm and peace . . . A Rashtrapati Bhavan spokesman said the President condoled the loss of lives and conveyed his sympathies to the bereaved families . . . He wished the injured speedy recovery . . . `` The President is sure that the State Government is taking all possible steps to help the victims and to maintain peace there , '' he said . . . Congress president Sonia Gandhi said the incidents were `` mindless acts of terrorism '' and expressed her deep concern and anguish at the loss of lives . . . Ex gratia . . A red alert has been sounded in Uttar Pradesh . Chief Minister Mulayam Singh Yadav announced an ex gratia relief for the victims and appealed to the people to maintain peace and order . . . In a statement in Lucknow , he said the culprits would not be spared . `` Stern action will be initiated against all those found involved in the incident . '' . . He announced an ex gratia of Rs . 5 lakh to those killed in the blasts , Rs . 1 lakh to those seriously injured and Rs . 50,000 to those with minor injuries . . . Patrolling has been intensified throughout the State , especially in those areas where communal clashes took place last Friday . PTI , UNI .