Marri Ramu . . Outrage during Friday prayers ; four die in police firing . . HYDERABAD : A wave of terror shook the State capital , when a powerful blast ripped through a heavy congregation at the historic Mecca Masjid near Charminar on Friday killing 10 people and leaving over 50 injured . . . Four others were killed in police firing as mobs clashed with the police . Sporadic incidents of arson and attacks continued in many areas till late in the night . . . It was just another Friday and people as well as the police were relaxed . Over 10,000 people were offering prayers at the 400-year-old Mecca Masjid at 1.15 p.m. when the bomb went off . . . The device , in which RDX was used , was triggered with a cellular phone and the blast sent shockwaves throughout the city . Providentially , two more Improvised Explosive Devices -LRB- IEDs -RRB- were found and defused by the police . Had these been detonated , destruction would have been colossal , as they were strategically placed near a spot where ablutions are performed . The police are pinning their hopes on the SIM card recovered from a mobile phone attached to an IED . . . The bomb went off underneath a thick marble platform -LRB- taqt -RRB- and the 400-year-old stone sheet took the full impact of the blast . It took some moments for those offering prayers to realise that the deafening noise they heard was a bomb blast . . . Soon ambulances began sorties ferrying the injured and the dead to hospitals . As angry youth rushed out of the mosque , sporadic violence erupted and mobs began pelting stones and damaging property . . . The police in riot gear were engaged in pitched battles in the labyrinthine lanes and bylanes of the old city . The police fired shots in the air , lobbed teargas shells to disperse the crowds . Within the mosque , a crowd initially prevented the police from entering . Police then used water cannon to pave the way for the bomb disposal squad , which defused the other bombs . . . Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Y. S. Rajasekhara Reddy cut short his trip in Delhi and rushed to Hyderabad . As news of the blast spread , tension mounted all over the city and business establishments downed the shutters . With mobs targeting the city buses , the authorities suspended all services in the south of the city . . . The method of detonating the IED using a mobile phone is similar to many blasts in Kashmir engineered by the Lashkar and the Jaish-e-Mohammed , police sources said . . . Two MIM legislators and the City Congress president who rushed to the mosque were roughed up . Home Minister K. Jana Reddy and Ministers Mohd . Ali Shabbir and Mukesh Goud were gheraoed and not allowed into the mosque for quite some time . . . State police chief M.A. Basith , who visited the mosque , described the marble platform as a God-sent ` barrier ' as it saved many lives . . . ` There was this deafening sound at 1.15 p.m. and within minutes trouble erupted . A shop and a petrol bunk were targeted by rampaging mobs , ' Mohd . Ismail , who was in front of the mosque , recalled . Ismail said he ran towards the Charminar police station , hardly a stone 's throw away . . . As heavy contingents of para-miliatary and city police moved in , the priority was to ensure that the Dhana Laxmi temple abutting Charminar was not vandalised . Fortunately , the anger against the blast did not take a communal turn and that probably saved the day for Hyderabad .