RAIPUR : Senior Congress leader Mahendra Karma has been killed when a group of Naxalites ambushed a convoy carrying senior Congress leaders at Darbha Ghat section on Jagdalpur-Sukma highway in Bastar district of Chhattisgarh . Preliminary reports said a local Congress leader Gopi Madwani was also killed . Senior Congress leader and former Union minister VC Shukla , Sukma 's Congress legislator Kawasai Lakma were among the critically injured . Reports from the spot said Shukla was taken to a hospital at Jagdalpur , the divisional headquarters of Bastar , by road . His condition is stated to be critical . State Congress president Nandkumar Patel and his newly-married son Dinesh Patel went missing after the incident and it is suspected that they were abducted . While the state government neither confirmed nor denied reports about heavy causalities of senior Congress leaders in the attack , close family members of Karma confirmed his death but said we do n't have any more details ' . Karmaji is no more . We do n't have any more details ' , Karma 's close family members told TOI over telephone . However , police and other officials neither confirmed nor denied reports about heavy causalities in the Maoist ambush . Naresh Mishra , a correspondent of state private television channel IBC 24 , reported from the spot that he saw bullet ridden bodies of Mahendra Karma and former legislator Uday Mudaliyar and about 10 others at the spot of ambush . The Congress leaders were on their way to Keshloor from Sukma after attending a Parivartan Yatra meeting at Sukma when a group of about 150 heavily-armed Maoists started indiscriminate firing and triggered a powerful blast targeting their convoy . We are waiting for confirmation about these reports . I do n't have any details ' , state Congress media cell in charge Shailesh Nitin Trivedi said . An official spokesman said chief minister Raman Singh has cancelled his Vikas Yatra and is returning to the state capital where he is expected to hold a high level meeting to take stock of the situation . Unconfirmed reports said Karma , who was prominently known as Bastar tiger , was initially kidnapped for identification and then they pumped 20 bullets after beating him on his head with the gun 's butt . There was a cross firing between Karma 's guards and Naxalites but when the guards ran out of bullets , Karma surrendered along with few other Congress leaders . Former MLA Konta , Kawasi Lakhma is said to be safe and admitted to the hospital . He got injured during the firing when the glass of his vehicle 's windowpane broke down . Karma , who had spearheaded the controversial anti-Naxalite movement Salwa Judum which began in June 2005 , was already on the Maoist hit list and he had survived several attempts on his life . It is said that more than 150 Naxalites were there firing indiscriminately . Maoists are expected to issue a formal statement late in the night as they normally do after every such major attack or abductions .