The police are yet to get any definitive clues to Wednesdays blast in Malleswaram in the city that injured 16 people . Karnataka Director-General and Inspector-General of Police Lal Rokhuma Pachau announced a Rs . 5 lakh reward to anyone who provides credible information about the blast . Mr. Pachau told reporters that investigations were on and special teams under Joint Commissioner Pronab Mohanty were working on the case . The city police are being assisted by Central Forensic Science Laboratory officials , bomb disposal squads and teams from the National Investigating Agency and the National Security Guard . Preliminary investigation revealed that ammonium nitrate and a timer were used to trigger the blast . Vehicle owner Bangalore City Police Commissioner Raghavendra H. Auradkar said the motorcycle in which the improvised explosive device ( IED ) was placed was traced to a man in Chennai who is being questioned . Mr. Auradkar said the police were scouring the debris for clues . Though crucial evidence may have been washed away while dousing the fire , some have been salvaged . CCTV footage from buildings around the blast site does not seem to have yielded anything substantial . The CCTV installed in the house opposite focussed only on the house and the staircase while that from the Bharatiya Janata Party office covered its own building . The CCTV at a temple nearby was pointed in a different direction . All other CCTVs in the vicinity are being examined and the police are also checking cellphone call records . The police have spoken to eyewitnesses and will question terror suspects already lodged in jail if they see fit . Mr. Auradkar told reporters it was premature to point any fingers at any organisation at this stage . Security has been strengthened at the Raj Bhavan , the High Court , the Vidhana Soudha , Chinnaswamy Stadium , bus terminals , the international airport , railway stations , metro stations , tech parks , Union government offices , malls , shopping complexes , markets , religious places and offices of political parties . On whether the city police had any prior information about the blast , Mr. Auradkar said they did not , adding that they had received a general advisory to step up security in the wake of IPL cricket matches and the Assembly elections . Shettar visit On Thursday , Chief Minister Jagadish Shettar and State BJP president Pralhad Joshi visited the site and the injured in hospital . Mr. Shettar told reporters that the blast , though serious , should not be politicised . OPEN