Panic and chaos prevailed at the Osmania General Hospital , which received the dead and the injured of the bomb blasts that shook Dilsukhnagar on Thur-sday . Police prevented people from going inside the wards and relatives of the injured were panic-stricken unable to find out the status of their dear ones . Bodies kept piling in the hospital mortuary . Abdul Gaffar , 40 , an auto driver from Santoshnagar , went out during afternoon , and his family next heard of him only after receiving a call in the evening about his being injured in the blast . His wife rushed to the hospital along with their three children , two sons and a daughter . They waited anxiously outside the wards even as the injured were being treated inside with wails of the dear family members renting the air . Injured in dozens could be found in the casualty ward , even after many were shifted to operation theatres . Yadaiah , another Santoshnagar resident and a collection agent with a real estate company , and stayed at Santoshnagar . He was travelling on his two-wheeler when he was injured in the blast near Konark theatre . Someone informed his brother , who rushed to the hospital . Some injured were conscious enough to share horrific details about the blasts . Sudhakar , 38 , a resident of Gaddiannaram , was injured in hands and abdomen . He sells snacks every day near Konark Theatre , and heard the sound of a big blast before collapsing with injuries . Same was the case with Saidha Naik , 19 , a B.Tech . ( Civil ) student from Sri Datta Engineering College . He came every day to Dilsukhnagar for attending a class on Autocad and got injured in the blast . C. Ravi , a 35-year-old carpenter was travelling along with his brother-in-law Lakshman on a two-wheeler when the blast happened . I was waiting near the traffic signals when blast occurred . For two months we have been working in Dilsukhnagar and would usually leave only after midnight . On Thursday , we left early due to some work , and got injured in the blast . I can not locate my brother-in-law , he said . Meanwhile a press release from the Ranga Reddy district collectorate informed that the injured have been shifted to Gandhi Hospital , Musheerabad , Omni Hospital , Kothapet and Yashoda Hospital , Malakpet . People rush to help There was no dearth of good Samaritans at the hospital , who helped the relatives and the injured . Many volunteered to donate blood , and some distributed water bottles . Some others took it upon themselves to inform the relatives of the injured about the incident . RTC buses were pressed in to service carry the injured people to the hospital . The scene at the hospital mortuary was heart-rending , as relatives broke down inconsolably after identifying the bodies of their kin . OPEN