PUNE/NEW DELHI : Less than 24 hours after minor blasts rocked Pune , security experts on Thursday were stunned by evidence that the serial explosions were part of a full-blown terror attack , which providentially went awry , preventing mass casualties on the city 's bustling Jangli Maharaj road . An official said a design flaw in the bombs caused them to explode partially and prevented the shrapnel from spreading . Without naming any group , a top home ministry official in New Delhi said there were ` credible leads ' pointing to a ` big plan ' by a terror outfit . ` Preliminary forensic result which is an outcome of the detailed examination of the two unexploded IEDs and nature of blasts shows that the bomb had all the ingredients to cause a much bigger impact and had the potential to take lives of many people . ' In Pune , police bomb experts who supervised dismantling of the devices also said the four bombs placed on Jangli Maharaj road on Wednesday evening exploded only partly . Had these and the two that were defused gone off fully , the damage caused would have been ` major ' , they said . A bomb disposal officer , speaking on condition of anonymity , told TOI each bomb contained two or three detonators , a nine-volt battery , a circuit , a timer , ball bearings and a yellow sticky substance . ` The design of the bombs was faulty , due to which they did not explode fully . The bearings were by and large intact even in the devices that went off . Had the bombs exploded fully , the bearings could have injured several people , ' he said . The officer said at least five detonators did not explode . ` We defused these detonators at our office at Shivajinagar , ' he said . The expert said a sticky substance covered the detonators , batteries and bearings in each bomb . ` We have sent the substance to the state forensic laboratory for chemical analysis , ' he said . Police were probing whether the bombs contained ammonium nitrate , a powerful explosive . On Wednesday , police had said there were four blasts and one device had been defused before the timer could go off . Sources in New Delhi , meanwhile , said the manner in which digital wristwatches were used as timers and the detonator circuits along with the way bombs were kept on three newly-bought bicycles , one dustbin and two polythene bags were similar to the technique adopted by the banned terror group Indian Mujahideen . The terror outfit had adopted a similar modus operandi in the serial blasts in Lucknow , Faizabad and Varanasi in November , 2007 and in Jaipur in May , 2008 . Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde and home secretary R K Singh , however , remained reticent about the horrific revelations . ` We have taken it very seriously , ' said Shinde , indicating that the low-intensity blasts were not being dismissed as a mere messaging by a terror group and the government was aware of a carefully-scripted plan . ` Since the blasts have taken place within an area of 500 metres and within a span of 45 minutes , it appears to be a coordinated act . I am sure there was a plan behind it , ' said home secretary R K Singh . Meanwhile , Pune police on Thursday identified the shop from where two of the three new bicycles were purchased by the terrorists . Officers said two men bought the bicycles from Soni Cycle Trading Company at Phadke Haud , Budhwar Peth , around 11am on Wednesday , about eight hours before the first bomb went off . The police have questioned the owner of the shop , his brother and two employees and based on descriptions given by them , sketches of the two men have been prepared . The shop owner also told police the two men were speaking Gujarati . A senior police officer from the crime branch told TOI that the shop was traced with the help of serial numbers embossed on the bicycles . ` We searched several bicycle shops in the Phadke Haud area , ' an officer said . The officer said police have also taken CCTV footage from a firecracker shop in Shaniwar Peth . ` The shop owner has installed a high-resolution camera at his shop . The camera is facing the road . We are suspecting that the duo may have used the road in front of the shop . ' Meanwhile , police are still questioning Dayanand Patil , the man injured in first of the blasts at Balgandharva chowk . Cops also questioned his wife , Satyakala , in Pune and recorded her statement . Police said Patil had visited either Jordan or Dubai in 2003 . They have seized his passport and are trying to ascertain the reason for his visit abroad . Police refused to say whether he was being seen as a suspect in the blasts . Patil works as a tailor at a laundry on Shirole road , a few metres from Balgandharva chowk . He lives in Urulikanchan , 20 km from the city , with his wife and three-year-old daughter .