New Delhi , May 9 A week after a crude bomb was discovered in the famous Palika Bazar , two bombs exploded near Sena Bhavan in the heart of the Capital today , injuring a 56-year-old man . . . Mr R.P. Singh , who sustained splinter injuries in his chest and mouth , is recuperating in Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital . . . The first explosion occurred at 3.07 p.m. at the parking lot of the Army Headquarters canteen , opposite Sena Bhavan . The second explosion took place at 3.14 p.m. in a garbage dumped under a neem tree near gate number two of the Bhavan , just behind the Prime Ministers Office . . . The first bomb is supposed to have been kept on the carrier of a cycle at the Army Headquarters ' canteen . The cycle and a Hero Honda motor cycle were damaged . As the bombs exploded there was panic among the passersby and employees in various government offices located in the area . Top police officials and forensic experts reached the spot and the entire area was cordoned off . . . The investigators at the spot also recovered two timer devices , one nine volt battery and a detonator wire and lifted samples of the remnants . . . The security personnel detained a person from near the spot immediately after the blast and whisked him away . However , he looked like a Kashmiri . . . Anti-sabotage squads also sanitised the area to make sure that there was no other bomb planted in the high-security area . . . Mr R.P. Singh , an employee in the Army Headquarters canteen sustained injuries as he was standing near the cycle on which the bomb was apparently kept . The Joint Commissioner of Police ( New Delhi Range ) , Mr Suresh Roy , said the blasts were of low intensity and were triggered with crude bombs similar to the one recovered from North Block on April 10 . . . While not ruling out the involvement of militants in todays bomb explosion , Mr Roy said : It is too early to name the militant group involved in the twin blasts . . . It may be recalled that soon after the January 21 Red Fort shoot-out incident the Pakistan-backed Lashkar-e-Toiba militant outfit had made an open threat to strike at vital installations in the Capital , including the Prime Ministers Office . . . Even as the Special Cell in tandem with the Crime Branch of the Delhi Police began a probe into the blasts , senior police officials expressed apprehensions that the anti-national elements could trigger more blasts in the Capital . . . An eye witness , Mr Kishan Arora , who is working in Sena Bhavan , said when the bomb exploded only one person was standing near the cycle . He fell down just after the blast . Though the explosion was not of high intensity we thought that there was something wrong . The next moment we saw the person standing near the cycle , lying on the ground . . . He said it is very difficult to find out the culprit as it is a public place . . . An Army official said only traffic is managed by the Army in this area . It is not responsible for the security . The Delhi Police is responsible for the security in the area .