Siddhesh Inamdar and Rahi Gaikwad . . CCTV footage from hotel opposite German Bakery obtained ; 2 foreigners among 9 dead . . PUNE/MUMBAI : Even as a breakthrough in the Saturdays blast at the German Bakery in Pune eluded the police , the Maharashtra government on Sunday reviewed the security arrangements in Nagpur , Aurangabad and Nashik , besides Mumbai . It also ordered the tightening of security for American and Israeli establishments across the State . . . In Pune , Police Commissioner Satyapal Singh told reporters on Sunday : No one has yet been detained . I also can not say about any involvement of the Indian Mujahideen at this point . It was too premature to comment if there was a pattern with the other blasts in the country , he said . . . Special Inspector-General , Law and Order , Rashmi Shukla , told journalists in Mumbai on Sunday : There was no CCTV camera in the German Bakery . However , O Hotel , located opposite , had CCTVs , which covered the frontal area of the bakery . The ATS -LSB- Anti-Terrorism Squad -RSB- has that footage . . . An unclaimed bag was found under the table . A waiter was asked to remove the bag . Before he could remove it , the explosion took place . The blast left a hole of six feet by four feet in the bakery wall , Ms. Shukla said . . . Of the nine people killed in the blast , two were identified as foreigners Saied Abdulkhani -LRB- 26 -RRB- , an Iranian ; and Nadia Macerini -LRB- 37 -RRB- , an Italian . While Abdulkhani was a student of the Ferguson College in Pune , Ms. Macerini was visiting the Osho International Meditation Centre , about 200 yards from the German Bakery . . . The rest of the casualties were students and employed youths . They were identified as : Ankik Dhar -LRB- 24 -RRB- from Kolkata ; his sister Anandi Dhar -LRB- 19 -RRB- ; P. Sindhuri -LRB- 22 -RRB- from Bangalore ; Vinita Gadani -LRB- 22 -RRB- from Mumbai ; Shilpa Goenka -LRB- 23 -RRB- from Kolkata ; Shankar Pansare -LRB- 40 -RRB- from Velha taluka in Pune district ; and Gokul Nepali -LRB- 30 -RRB- , a waiter at the German Bakery . . . Of the 60 injured -LRB- 46 men and 14 women -RRB- , 19 were discharged from hospitals . The injured include 12 foreigners : five from Iran , two each from Sudan and Nepal , and one each from Yemen , Taiwan and Germany . . . A day after the blast , the Bakery , one of the citys popular tourist landmarks , stood deserted . The road leading up to it was cordoned off . . . Union Home Minister P. Chidambaram visited the blast site during the day . He refuted suggestions that the government had not taken intelligence inputs seriously . . . He said : There is no intelligence failure . The State government had taken the advice seriously and the police put in place security measures in the hard targets .