PUNE : Terror returned to haunt the country on Saturday when a bomb blast ripped through the city 's popular German Bakery , close to the Osho Ashram and diagonally across from the Jewish Chabad House , recced by 26/11 suspect David Coleman Headley , killing at least nine people , four of them foreigners , all women . -LRB- Watch Video -RRB- More than 45 people have been rushed to hospital with varying degrees of injury . This is the first terror attack since the 26/11 Mumbai attacks , 15 months ago . For the last two months , there has been a growing buzz of an imminent terror attack , especially as India and Pakistan were preparing to resume talks that have been suspended since the Mumbai carnage . Now there is a question mark over the talks scheduled for February 25 in Delhi . The blast , which left a 6ftx4ft hole in the wall , took place at 7.15 pm when the bakery was milling with people , many of them foreigners . According to Union home secretary G K Pillai , there was an unattended packet which exploded when a waiter tried to open it . The German Bakery is a popular haunt of foreigners like Leopold restaurant in Mumbai in fact , both are mentioned by the Lonely Planet tourist guide and are therefore patronised by many backpackers . Investigators from the Army 's bomb disposal squad said it appears that a battery-operated improvised explosive device had been used . '' We have found traces of an explosive , '' said M Z Ansari , an official . The impact was such that the walls of the bakery caved in . Body parts of some of the dead were found strewn on the North Main Road and near the O Hotel , a few metres from the bakery . '' The dead include some foreigners but we are yet to establish their nationality , '' minister of state for home Ramesh Bagwe said . The injured suffered burns and fractures , said doctors at Sassoon hospital . Chabad House in Mumbai which was attacked on 26/11 had been recced by Headley , just as he had recced the one in Pune . Headley had stayed at the Surya Villa hotel in Koregaon , which is close to the blast site . In Delhi , Pillai called an emergency meeting of security officials and instructed all state capitals to be put on high alert . A team also began interrogation of the Batla House terror suspect , Shahzad Ahmad , to find out if he had any information about an attack in Pune . The Centre immediately moved in to rush a forensic team to Pune . ` It is most probably a terror attack . We are sending a forensic team of CBI and personnel of National Investigative Agency , ' said Union home secretary G K Pillai . Panic gripped the city as the news of the blast spread . The police , however , refused to confirm whether any terror group was involved , saying it was too early to arrive at any conclusion . The police closed all roads to Koregaon Park area and a nakabandi has been ordered across the city . '' We suspect foreigners could be involved in this blast , '' said special secretary -LRB- home -RRB- U K Bansal , when asked in Delhi whether he suspected any specific terror group . The state home minister R R Patil reached Pune late on Saturday night , while chief minister Ashok Chavan is expected to be in the city on Saturday . Maharashtra deputy CM Chhagan Bhujbal and some officials said that police had inputs about a threat to the German Bakery and security had been beefed up in the Koregaon area , but state home minister R R Patil denied there was any intelligence input about an attack .