JAIPUR : Terror Tuesday was not the first time Jaipur was targeted . In 1993 similar serial bomb blasts were averted when alert intelligence officials foiled a bid to set off explosions in the Walled City area by arresting four persons with bomb materials . The accused are currently at Ajmer jail . Sources said a team of the Jaipur police has already been dispatched to the jail and officials have questioned the accused who were arrested in September 1993 when they were trying to plant tiffin bombs in Chandpol area of the Walled City , the same place were two blasts last Tuesday left more than 16 dead . Officials in the Rajasthan police confirmed that sleuths are probing possibilities of a link between the foiled serial blasts of 1993 and the May 13 attacks that killed 63 and injured hundreds . They , however , were tight-lipped and refused to divulge details of the interrogations and whether this resulted in any fresh leads . The perpetrators of the foiled 1993 attack had come from Mumbai and Delhi and aroused suspicion that they had linkages with the Mumbai serial blasts of March 12 , 1993 . Both Mumbai and Jaipur had witnessed riots after the Babri Masjid demolition in 1992 . Though both cities had been targets for terrorists , Mumbai was the first to have been hit when serial bombs rocked the commercial capital on March 12 , 1993 killing more than 250 . A close surveillance on terror modules in Mumbai and Delhi had later helped in cracking the Jaipur terror bid , planned within months of the Mumbai attack . Ajai Sahni , editor of South Asia Terrorism Portal -LRB- SATP -RRB- and an expert keeping tabs on terrorist activities in India , said Rajasthan , and Jaipur in particular , had always been on the map of terrorists . He says three terrorists cells had been busted in the state in April 2005 . People apprehended were found to have links with the Students Islamic Movement of India -LRB- SIMI -RRB- , an outfit which has now begun to regularly provide footsoldiers for international terror outfits such as HuJI and LeT . Rajasthan government has approached Sahni 's institute for sharing of expertise on terrorist activities . Senior officials of the state government had spoken to former super cop K P S Gill in this regard and sought his assistance in tackling terrorism . SIMI 's presence in Jaipur and other parts of Rajasthan is not denied by the police either . Rajasthan 's DGP A S Gill , while speaking to TOI , had said that there are SIMI activists in Jaipur and the police had been keeping a close watch on them for some time . However , he had categorically denied any linkages of SIMI so far in the Tuesday 's blasts . The Tuesday 's blasts were orchestrated in a manner to inflict maximum casualties . The first two blasts occurred at Manak Chowk and as the crowd ran towards Johri Bazar another two blasts near the National Handloom Centre blocked the exit point pushing back the panicky crowd towards Tripolia Bazar and Chandpol area where subsequent blasts caused maximum fatalities .