Front Page 4 killed , 45 hurt in Srinagar car bomb blast . . Shujaat Bukhari . . SRINAGAR : For the third consecutive day militants struck in Kashmir on Wednesday , setting off a car bomb here which killed at least four persons and injured 45 others , including a former Minister . The condition of at least 14 of them is stated to be critical . . . The civil lines area shook in the explosion , which occurred outside the Jammu and Kashmir Bank head office at 10.15 a.m. . The police said the explosives-laden car was parked outside the gate , which is close to one of the busiest crossings in the city . H.K. Lohia , Deputy Inspector-General , Kashmir range , told The Hindu that it was probably detonated with a remote-controlled device . . . As the official car of the former Minister of State and MLA , Usman Majid 's was directly hit , ` they -LSB- militants -RSB- might have seen this VIP vehicle and hit the target . But I do not think it was aimed at him , ' Mr. Lohia said . Mr. Majid is a former counter-insurgent and close associate of counter-insurgent-turned-politician Kukka Parray , who was gunned down in 2003 . . . Mr. Majid had a narrow escape but received bruises in the face and his security guards were also injured . His car was completely damaged . ` He is safe and out of danger , ' Mushtaq Ahmed , his personal assistant told The Hindu . He said Mr. Majid was a target of militants . . . Witnesses said at least two persons including the bank guard died instantly and scores were left in a pool of blood . ` It was a big explosion and it looked like doomsday dawning on us , ' said Shaista , a bank official . . . ' I saw people lying on the road and crying for help , but there was chaos as news spread that a fidayeen -LRB- suicide squad member -RRB- had entered the bank office which was not true , ' said Merajuddin , a bus conductor . . . Buildings rattled within a two-km radius and Moulana Azad Road was littered with damaged vehicles , mangled steel with bloodstain and footwear . . . Al Arifeen , a little known militant outfit owned responsibility for the attack . Its spokesman Majid Iqbal told a local news agency KNS that it had planned to carry out explosion somewhere else but ` when the police stopped the target the militants had no option but to explode it . ' . . The Hizbul Mujahideen condemned the blast and said ` we are not for such activities . '' . . Related Stories : Mounting frustration in Kashmir .