Hyderabad , Feb. 21 : At least 13 people were killed in multiple blasts near movie halls as well as bus stands in a teeming commercial and educational hub of Hyderabad this evening , 48 hours after the Centre had passed on to the states usual fears of a reprisal for Afzal Gurus execution . . . Officials said the toll could rise as more than 80 people were injured in at least two explosions at Dilsukhnagar , 5km from the landmark Charminar and known for markets , education institutes and as an avenue for quick getaway because of its proximity to a highway . A third bomb was defused later . . . No direct link was established till late tonight between the hanging of the Parliament attack convict less than a fortnight ago and the explosions . The Prime Minister appealed for calm and requested citizens to maintain peace . . . But the Union home ministry as well as Andhra Pradesh police appeared to have more or less concluded that the explosions were the handiwork of terrorists . Union home secretary R.K. Singh said in Delhi that the near-simultaneous and powerful blasts indicated a terror attack . . . Andhra DGP V. Dinesh Reddy said improvised explosive devices were used in the two blasts . . . The bombs the first explosion was thought to be a gas cylinder blast because of eateries in the vicinity known for evening snacks appeared to have been placed and timed to cause maximum damage . . . The first device went off around 7pm near an eatery opposite Konark movie hall , killing five to six people on the spot . . . Within two to three minutes and before bystanders could recover from the impact , another explosion took place around 100 metres away . The location this time was another crowded area a bus stand close to Venkatadri theatre . . . Six persons were suspected to have been killed in the immediate aftermath of the second blast . But since the intensity of this explosion was larger than the first one , more casualties are feared . . . The diabolical nature of the plot was evident as the blast took place just when the evening show had ended at Venkatadri and the viewers were pouring out . The belt has at least 10 bus shelters in a row , usually bustling with passengers and vendors . . . Because of the second day of the general strike , the traffic on the route was slightly less today , said Gopal Rao , a police officer in Dilsukhnagar . . . DCP Ravi Verma said the bombs were planted on the backseats of two bicycles one near Anand Tiffin Centre and another near the bus stand . The bombs were kept in steel lunch boxes normally used by day labourers . . . DGP Reddy said tonight that the police had defused another bomb near Sampoorna theatre in Vanasthalipuram , around 5km from Dilsukhnagar . . . Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde spoke of intelligence inputs for the past two days , which were shared with all states , but he added that there was no specific information like this . . . Official sources said a general alert was issued for two consecutive days from February 19 to all major cities , suggesting a possible attack by Pakistan-based terror groups to avenge the hangings of Parliament attack convict Afzal Guru and 26/11 gunman Ajmal Kasab . . . Some intelligence officers said such alerts were routine and usually not actionable ( so sketchy that little action is possible ) , but they cautioned that they were speaking from experience and not about this particular case . . . A team of forensic experts of the National Security Guard was tonight flown to Hyderabad . Members from the Chennai hub of the Black Cat commando force have also been sent to the Andhra Pradesh capital . . . State intelligence teams have been checking on several suspects , including two recently acquitted in a case related to Gujarat . Police sources claimed that a person arrested recently had confessed in Delhi that he had surveyed Dilsukhnagar in December 2012 .