The Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) and Vishwa Hindu Parishad ( VHP ) have called for a state-wide shutdown today in protest against the simultaneous bomb blasts in court premises in Lucknow , Varanasi and Faizabad on Friday . . . Lucknow , Nov 24 : The Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) and Vishwa Hindu Parishad ( VHP ) have called for a state-wide shutdown today in protest against the simultaneous bomb blasts in court premises in Lucknow , Varanasi and Faizabad on Friday . . . BJP President Rajnath Singh is scheduled to visit Uttar Pradesh to meet injured in the hospitals and to take stock of the situation in the affected areas . . . Meanwhile , Samajwadi Party workers have already begun their protest early Saturday morning , stopping the Ganga-Gomti Express at the Allahabad railway station . . . In Faizabad , a four-member forensic team is examining vital clues related to the blasts as to who could be behind the serial blasts . . . According to sources , a terrorist group called Indian Mujahideen has claimed responsibility for the blast . . . On Friday night , the Uttar Pradesh police released sketches of three suspects believed to be behind the blasts . All sketches were prepared on the basis of information received from eyewitness . . . Vikram Singh , Director General of Uttar Pradesh Police has said that new cycles could be likely clues for probe into blasts . . . `` Special Task Force will probe the case . We can not rule out anything and will soon give you the result , '' Singh said . . . According to unconfirmed reports , investigators have traced an email , which warned of the attack , to a cybercafe in East Delhi . . . Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Mayawati blamed the Central intelligence agencies for failing to provide any inputs about the blasts , and said that state agencies were not even asked to stay ` alert ' . . . The Home Ministry has already issued advisory to all States and Union Territories to step up vigilance and surveillance . . . Terror struck in Uttar Pradesh on Friday when militants triggered near-simultaneous blasts in court premises killing 15 people , four of them lawyers , and injuring over 80 . . . Six bombs - three in Varansi , two in Faizabad and one in Lucknow - some planted on cycles , went off within a span of 15 minutes . . . The blasts came a week after the Uttar Pradesh police along with central security agencies busted a Jaish-e-Mohammed module , who wanted to target Rahul Gandhi . . . addthis_url = location.href ; addthis_title = document.title ; addthis_pub = ` vijaytech ' ; . . a36 ( ) ; . . .