Dozens of people were killed and more than 100 injured when six bombs ripped through the centre of Jaipur , one of India 's most popular tourist destinations . . . The explosions , which began at 7.30 pm , took place in markets surrounding the city 's pink palace , the Hawa Mahal , and its main temple complex . . . Television pictures showed empty blood-splattered streets and the red-stained clothes of the dead being cleared away by police . Bomb disposal officers defused at least one other device . . . The attack sparked a red alert in Mumbai , India 's financial hub , and New Delhi , the country 's capital . Security was also stepped up at airports and railway stations across the country , said India 's junior home minister , Sriprakash Jaiswal . . . Rohit Singh , a senior official in the state of Rajasthan , told local television that between 50 and 60 people had been killed in six blasts `` as per information available with me right now '' . However , local reporters told television stations that there were 55 bodies in just one hospital . . . `` It will definitely rise . There 's just too many in [ one hospital ) , '' said Akilesh Kumar , Jaipur bureau chief with the Times of India . . . Although no one has claimed responsibility for the act , Rajasthan 's police chief , AS Gill , described the strike as `` a terrorist plot '' , adding : `` The way it has been done , the attempt was to cause the maximum damage to human life . '' . . Police say bicycles appear to have been used in the bombings , but it was unclear whether it was the work of suicide bombers riding through the crowds or of explosives planted on bicycles . . . It is clear that the bombers planned a bloody attack . The first bomb struck a temple dedicated to the Hindu monkey god Hanuman , whose divinity is celebrated every Tuesday . Eyewitnesses said the temple was packed with devotees offering prayers on their way home from work . . . `` The next bomb was near Johari bazaar and looked like it was placed near a Muslim jewellery shop , '' eyewitness Lalit Khateri told NDTV news . `` It was very busy with Hindus and Muslims . It was an attack not on Hindus or Muslims but Indians . '' . . Johari bazaar is the city 's jewellery market and a popular destination for tourists . However the tourist season ended in March and it is unlikely that foreigners were hit in the blast . . . India has had a long history of bomb attacks . Last year two explosions killed more than 40 people in Hyderabad . . . .