NEW DELHI : The Jaipur terror attack evoked strong global outrage with countries condemning the blasts and pledging support to India in the fight against terrorism . US ambassador David Mulford , who met foreign secretary Shiv Shankar Menon , offered his country 's help in the investigations into the serial blasts . `` We have offered our assistance in analysing and understanding the aftermath of the tragedy . We told the government that we are willing to help them in any way we can , '' Mr Mulford said after the meeting . . . US state department spokesman Sean McCormack condemned the blasts and said that there was no justification for the murder of innocents . `` The United States stands with the government and people of India in their ongoing fight to eliminate the scourge of terrorism , and to ensure an open , democratic , peaceful , and prosperous society , '' he said . . . Saying that there could be no justification for this kind of violence that took the lives of innocent victims , Britain joined other countries in condemning those behind the blasts . `` Bombings in Jaipur have shown again the horrific destruction which terrorism brings , '' British foreign minister David Miliband said . . . `` There can never be any justification for acts of indiscriminate violence such as these , and I utterly condemn those who have perpetrated today 's attacks , '' he said . He further said the UK , which has experienced serial blasts in 2005 , would continue to stand with India terrorism . . . Pakistan , which has become the breeding ground of terrorists , also condemned the blasts . Pakistan prime minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said his country `` reaffirms its firm commitment to fight this scourge together with the international community '' . And Afghan president Hamid Karzai , who was recently the target of an assassination attempt by terrorists , said that Afghanistan understood India 's pain . . . Countries like Australia also condemned the terrorists attack and also issued a travel advisory to its citizen to exercise `` a high degree of caution because of the high risk of terrorist activity by militant groups '' . The advisory further said that Mumbai , New Delhi , Chennai and Kolkata could be the targets of terrorist attacks and , more specifically , that terrorists are planning to conduct suicide attacks in Mumbai or New Delhi . . . At the same time Australia said that the `` the attack on a democratic , tolerant , open society is repugnant '' and hoped that the perpetrators are brought quickly to justice . `` Australian and Indian law enforcement agencies continue to work together in our common fight against terrorism , '' a statement said . . . Another country that has been at the receiving end of terrorists , Israel , also joined the chorus of condemnation saying that it understood the `` enormity of the tragedy . '' `` Israel extends its deepest condolences to the families of the victims and its wishes for the speedy recovery of those injured , '' said a release from the Israeli embassy . The embassy further said that it was up to the community to act in a `` concerted and unified manner '' to fight terrorism . . . Japan was also quick to react and said that it was `` deeply shocked '' by the serial blasts and sent condolences to the families of those killed in the blasts . Japan hoped that India would overcome the tragedy and said that it would continue cooperation with India to fight against terrorism . . . And the Canadian minister of foreign affairs Maxime Bernier also expressed solidarity with India and said that his country would cooperate closely with India to fight terrorism `` Canada and India have a shared commitment to freedom , democracy , human rights and the rule of law . Among our mutual priorities is close cooperation to fight terrorism , '' he said .