Devesh K. Pandey . . Low-intensity crude devices used ; Shahi Imam appeals for calm . . NEW DELHI : Fourteen persons , including a woman and a girl , were injured in two explosions inside the Jama Masjid in the Walled City area here soon after evening prayers on Friday . Initial investigations indicated that low-intensity crude bombs were used . No outfit has claimed responsibility for the blasts . . . According to eyewitnesses , the first explosion took place at 5-20 p.m. , soon after the ` namazis ' went to a tank at the centre of the mosque to clean themselves . ` As soon as I got up after namaz , I heard a loud explosion . I saw a person standing near the tank being thrown away in the impact of the blast . He sustained injuries in the thigh and legs , ' said Mohammad Adil . . . Realising that it was a bomb blast , the mosque authorities immediately urged the ` namazis ' to stay away from a polythene bag found near the tank . Policemen stationed outside Gate No. 1 of the mosque rushed inside . . . Just then , the second bomb exploded and more people were injured . They were taken to the nearby Lok Nayak Jayaprakash Narain Hospital , where they were stated to be out of danger . . . The Jama Masjid 's Shahi Imam appealed to the people over the public address system to maintain calm . He said the explosions were the acts of certain people who wanted to whip up communal passions and create disturbance in the country . He asked the people to pray for communal harmony . . . Police Commissioner K.K. Paul , who arrived at the spot , urged the people not to be carried away by rumours . . . Even as a forensic team was gathering evidence from the explosion sites , hundreds of people gathered outside Gate No. 1 and shouted slogans . . . Delhi Lieutenant-Governor B.L. Joshi visited the masjid and he , along with Dr. Paul , went to the hospital to meet the victims . Enquiries showed that both bombs were kept in two polythene bags near the tank . . . The bombs appear to be similar to the ones used by the Pakistan-based top Lashkar-e-Taiba militant , Abdul Karim Tunda , to trigger explosions in the capital in 1996-98 . . . Initial investigations indicated that no timer device was used , creating a strong suspicion that chemicals , readily available in the market , were used to prepare the bombs . . . According to the police sources , Tunda was an expert in preparing bombs using potassium chlorate or ammonium nitrate with sulphuric acid . He would keep the two chemicals in a container in such a way that the bomb would explode after a while . . . Focus on local groups . . Though the police are probing the role of all extremist outfits , for the time being they are focussing on local groups suspected to be operating from Delhi or neighbouring Uttar Pradesh , it is learnt . ` The nature of injuries suggests that the explosions were carried out just to create terror . The real motive behind the blasts was not to kill but to send across some message , ' said a police officer .