Sunny Sebastian . . Three more sketches released ; genuineness of e-mail doubted . . JAIPUR : Investigating agencies have expressed doubts about the genuineness of an e-mail and an attached video clip sent to the media on Wednesday by Indian Mujahideen , claiming responsibility for the Jaipur blasts on Tuesday in which 64 people have died . . . On Thursday , the police here released three more sketches of suspects involved in the blasts continuing their hunt for the terrorists . One such sketch was released on Wednesday . . . The Rajasthan government constituted a Special Investigation Team -LRB- SIT -RRB- to probe the blasts . It also announced the formation of a Special Task Force to fight terror . . . Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje said the video footage could be an attempt to mislead the probe . She said there were discrepancies in the way the bags containing bombs were placed on the cycles used in the blasts and the one shown on the video . The clip showed the frame number -LRB- 129489 -RRB- of a cycle parked near the Kotwali Police Station . . . Ms. Raje said : . . We are making further investigations into the matter . I fear I can not divulge much at this juncture of the probe . In fact , we are in the middle of a war . . . Todays terrorists are not thieves or burglars ; they are well connected and use most sophisticated communication systems . The whole operation was carried out with considerable skill , indicating that we are fighting a very formidable enemy . . . Superintendent of Police -LRB- North -RRB- and member of the SIT Raghavendra Suhasa told TheHindu that the new sketches were those of the persons belonging to the age group of 18 to 25 . They have different complexions . . . Though the blasts were similar to the ones that took place in Uttar Pradesh , it was too early to talk about the involvement of the Harkat-ul-Jihadi-e-Islam in the blasts , he said , adding that in all nine blasts took place and one bomb was defused . . . Denying any arrest , he said : Nobody has been arrested or detained so far . He also refuted reports that a woman was questioned . That is a rumour . No woman has been questioned . . . No breakthrough yet . . Vinay Kumar reports from New Delhi : . . The Union Cabinet was briefed on the blasts by the National Security Adviser -LRB- NSA -RRB- M. K. Narayanan and Cabinet Secretary K. M. Chandrasekhar on Thursday . . . Finance Minister P. Chidambaram told reporters after the Cabinet meeting that the NSA and the Cabinet Secretary briefed them about the investigations . The meeting was chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . . . Asked if any breakthrough was achieved , he said : I dont think we have reached a stage where we can say we have achieved a breakthrough . . . The Cabinet was also informed about the security and intelligence agencies efforts to see a definite pattern in the blasts with those that rocked Hyderabad and Lucknow in the recent past . . . Asked about Ms. Rajes observation that her State would not allow communal harmony to be jeopardised , he said the Centre and the State ad an equal responsibility to maintain law and order .