A local court on Friday extended the police custody of alleged Indian Mujahideen ( IM ) operative Haroon Rashid Naik and Delhi-based hawala operator Kanwar Nain Pathrija in the July 13 , 2011 triple bomb blasts case in the city . Haroon pleaded innocent before the court after he asked the court the reason for his arrest . The Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad ( ATS ) has so far made four arrests in the case . They have all been charged under various sections of the Unlawful Activities ( Prevention ) Act , the Explosives Act , the Indian Penal Code , etc. . The court also granted police custody to the other two accused in another bomb blast case the same day . Thus , all the four accused are to stay in police custody Haroon and Pathrija till February 18 and the other two till February 17 . Three bombs went off at the Zaveri Bazaar , Opera House and Dadar Kabutarkhana on July 13 last year . The ATS earlier arrested Naquee Ahmed Wasi Ahmed Sheikh and Nadeem Ahmed Ashfaq Sheikh in the Opera House blast case . Their police custody ended on Friday , after which they were granted judicial custody till February 24 . But the ATS on Friday showed them as arrested in the Zaveri Bazaar blast case and sought their custody . They have booked them for the Zaveri Bazaar blast now , the lawyer for both the accused said . Naquee and Nadeem , both hailing from Darbhanga in Bihar , were arrested in the city by the ATS on the charge of involvement in the blasts . They were previously arrested for procuring SIM cards with fake documents . Haroon was in prison since last year after the ATS arrested him in a fake Indian currency case in August 2011 . Last month , the ATS filed a transfer request for Haroon 's custody in the case , which was granted on February 1 . The ATS has accused him of sending Rs .10 lakh used for the blast , from Saudi Arabia to Hawala operator Pathrija in New Delhi . Probe beyond Maharashtra ' The ATS on Friday accused Haroon of trying to destroy the evidence against him . We have to investigate the Hawala angle in depth . We have to further find out if any fake currency was used in the attack who all helped him . The investigation may go beyond Maharashtra , the public prosecutor told the court . Pathrija , a resident of Ghaziabad who owns a jewellery shop in New Delhi , was arrested on January 30 . He is accused of arranging to hand over the money to wanted IM operative Yasin Bhatkal , who is alleged to have later distributed the money to other accused . Mobile phone , diaries seized ' We have seized mobile phone , diaries , SIM cards from him . He is also involved in the conspiracy and we require his custody to investigate the Hawala angle in depth , the prosecutor said . OPEN