The original target of the perpetrators of the 2007 twin blasts , it has come to light , was one of the cruisers meant for joyride on the Hussainsagar Lake . It was a chance delay in securing change for a 500-rupee note that saved the day for those on the boat , the confession note of the 27-year-old Indian Mujahideen ( IM ) operative Anique Shafiq Syed alias Khalid has revealed . Laserium , by chance In his confession note , a copy of which is available with this reporter , Anique said he had come to Lumbini Park in an auto from Secunderabad , but in the delay in securing loose change to pay the driver , he missed the boat . Since the next trip was several minutes away , Anique spent time watching the laser show . Ten minutes into the show , he kept the bag stuffed with the explosive in a vacant adjacent seat and came out of the park . At least 11 people were killed in the laserium following the blast . Police said if the accused had succeeded in his attempt to bomb the cruiser , the casualties would have been very high . I would also have been difficult to trace bodies in the water . The explosion on the water would have had maximum impact and drawn worldwide attention , a senior police officer said . Bhatkal toured city Incidentally , a fortnight before the blasts , Riyaz Bhatkal , co-founder of IM , had scouted several crowded places , including Lumbini Park . In fact , Bhatkal and his associates also went on the cruiser ride around the lake before deciding to bomb it , police said . Bhatkal stayed in the city for three days before returning to Pune . Anique received parcel He had also informed Anique about a parcel being sent in three days in a State-owned bus . The accused had collected the cello-taped parcel at Chaderghat . Police sources reveal that Bhatkal was again in the city to instruct Anique to place one bomb in the cruiser and two others at Gokul Chat and the foot-over bridge ( FoB ) in Dilsukhnagar . All the bombs were to go off at 7 p.m. . While Bhatkal himself placed the bomb at Gokul Chat , Anique placed the bomb in the laserium and Mohammed Akbar Ismail Chaudhry alias Saeed placed another explosive at the FoB . While there were blasts at the laserium and Gokul Chat ; the one at the FoB was defused by the bomb squad . The trio coolly returned to their flat , watched the live coverage of explosions on various television channels and later returned to Pune . Anique , Akbar Ismail Chaudhry and their associates Ahmed Shaikh and Ahmed Badhsah Shaikh were arrested by Maharashtra police in October 2008 . Bhatkal continues to be at large . All the four were slapped with cases under the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act . The Maharashtra police had also intimated the then Hyderabad Commissioner of Police B. Prasada Rao about the involvement of four accused in 2007 twin blasts . The Maharashtra police had brought Anique to Hyderabad and reconstructed the crime scene at Lumbini Park . OPEN