Atiq Khan and Praveen Swami . . Bombs go off in Lucknow , Faizabad , Varanasi court complexes ; terrorist reprisal against lawyers . . LUCKNOW AND NEW DELHI : At least 13 persons , including four lawyers , were killed and 60 injured when six bombs went off in three court complexes in Uttar Pradesh on Friday . . . Loaded on cycles parked outside the lawyers chambers in Lucknow , Faizabad and Varanasi , the bombs were synchronised to explode shortly after 1.15 p.m. . . All the explosions occurred in the courts where suspects linked to recent Islamist terror strikes have been attacked or denied presentation by lawyers , suggesting that they were intended as an act of reprisal . . . Pakistani nationals Mohammad Abid , Mohammad Yusuf and Mirza Rashid , who police say were members of a Jaish-e-Mohammad module assigned to assassinate Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi , were beaten up by Lucknow lawyers when they were produced in the court on November 18 . . . Five other Jaish terrorists , alleged to have been involved in a 2005 attack on the Babri Masjid complex , were denied representation by Faizabad lawyers . Their counterparts in Varanasi refused to defend Mohammad Waliullah , a cleric charged with facilitating the 2006 bombings of the city railway station and the Sankat Mochan temple . . . However , investigators said , the operation might also have been timed to capitalise on the protests against Bangladeshi author Taslima Nasreen , a trenchant opponent of Islamists in her country . . . Police and National Bomb Data Centre experts said they expected to harvest valuable forensic data and fingerprints from two devices which failed to detonate . One bomb each was recovered from Faizabad and Lucknow , while three others were detonated in Varanasi and two in Faizabad . One bomb went off in Lucknow . Based on preliminary research , police sources said the bombs appeared to be made up of ammonium nitrate , widely used in fertilizers and industrial explosives . All eight devices were triggered by a detonator controlled by a quartz alarm clock . Similar bombs were used in the 2006 Varanasi serial bombings , which claimed 20 lives . . . The police sources said a bag , in which the unexploded device was found in the Lucknow court complex , also contained an envelope addressed to Haji Nasir Ahmad in Riyadh . However , the investigators cautioned against drawing any immediate inference from the finding , noting that the bag and cycles could well have been stolen . . . The investigators said they were using new computer software to analyse calls made between the three cities in recent weeks .