By Our Staff Reporter NEW DELHI , JAN. 6 . At least 23 people were injured in a blast aboard a stationary passenger train at the Old Delhi railway station on Thursday evening . The explosion took place minutes after the Delhi - Shamli-Saharanpur passenger train arrived at platform No. 5 from the maintenance yard . The bomb , which was kept in a general compartment , fourth from the engine , was in all probability planted under seat No. 22 . According to unconfirmed eyewitness accounts , the police picked up at least three persons for questioning from the station soon after the blast . All were passengers waiting near the blast site . While none of them was believed to be directly involved , they were being questioned about events preceding the explosion . No terrorist group has claimed responsibility for the blast until late at night . Most of the victims were standing on the platform , waiting to board the train which was scheduled to leave an hour later . Some had already entered the ill-fated compartment . The medium-intensity explosion ripped apart the compartment , mangling and softening its inside and maiming the passengers . A crater , two feet wide , was formed where the device had been placed . The Railway Protection Force personnel were the first to react . At least nine of the injured were given first-aid on the platform itself . The rest were taken to Bara Hindu Rao Hospital and Shushruta Trauma Centre . No one had been injured seriously , the police said , adding that most of them were discharged from hospital later in the evening . Only one was kept under observation at Bara Hindu Rao Hospital . An explosive expert - part of the specialised Bomb Disposal Squad which had rushed to the spot - ruled out use of RDX in the explosion . `` RDX has the effect of shattering , shearing and cutting . There was no such sign in the compartment . The effect inside the train compartment was that of pushing and bending - as if pressure had been applied . So it does not look like a very sophisticated device . It seems a crude explosive had been used . '' The expert team also did not find any remnant of the bomb at the site . `` Nothing has been found so far . No remnant of a bomb , no remains of a timer device . '' The experts lifted evidence from inside the compartment and also from the railway track . The nature of the explosive would become clear only after forensic tests are conducted . The Deputy Commissioner of Police -LRB- Crime and Railways -RRB- , Mr. P.K. Srivastav , said it was impossible for the police to keep a check on passengers at railway stations . `` Extra men had been deployed but even then it is an uphill task , '' he added . . . By Our Staff Reporter . . NEW DELHI , JAN. 6 . At least 23 people were injured in a blast aboard a stationary passenger train at the Old Delhi railway station on Thursday evening . . . The explosion took place minutes after the Delhi - Shamli-Saharanpur passenger train arrived at platform No. 5 from the maintenance yard . The bomb , which was kept in a general compartment , fourth from the engine , was in all probability planted under seat No. 22 . . . According to unconfirmed eyewitness accounts , the police picked up at least three persons for questioning from the station soon after the blast . All were passengers waiting near the blast site . While none of them was believed to be directly involved , they were being questioned about events preceding the explosion . No terrorist group has claimed responsibility for the blast until late at night . . . Most of the victims were standing on the platform , waiting to board the train which was scheduled to leave an hour later . Some had already entered the ill-fated compartment . The medium-intensity explosion ripped apart the compartment , mangling and softening its inside and maiming the passengers . A crater , two feet wide , was formed where the device had been placed . . . The Railway Protection Force personnel were the first to react . At least nine of the injured were given first-aid on the platform itself . The rest were taken to Bara Hindu Rao Hospital and Shushruta Trauma Centre . . . No one had been injured seriously , the police said , adding that most of them were discharged from hospital later in the evening . Only one was kept under observation at Bara Hindu Rao Hospital . . . An explosive expert - part of the specialised Bomb Disposal Squad which had rushed to the spot - ruled out use of RDX in the explosion . . . `` RDX has the effect of shattering , shearing and cutting . There was no such sign in the compartment . The effect inside the train compartment was that of pushing and bending - as if pressure had been applied . So it does not look like a very sophisticated device . It seems a crude explosive had been used . '' . . The expert team also did not find any remnant of the bomb at the site . `` Nothing has been found so far . No remnant of a bomb , no remains of a timer device . '' The experts lifted evidence from inside the compartment and also from the railway track . The nature of the explosive would become clear only after forensic tests are conducted . . . The Deputy Commissioner of Police -LRB- Crime and Railways -RRB- , Mr. P.K. Srivastav , said it was impossible for the police to keep a check on passengers at railway stations . `` Extra men had been deployed but even then it is an uphill task , '' he added .