At least 13 Maoists , including a woman , were killed in an exchange of fire with the police in the Salaikota reserve forest , about 11 km from Padia and 35 km from Malkangiri , in South Odisha on Saturday . . . According to the police , a huge cache of ammunition was recovered from the site where 30 to 40 Maoists were conducting a camp . . . Thirteen bodies were shifted to the district headquarters town of Malkangiri . Search operations for the dead and injured , if any , are continuing . An inquest is being conducted , a senior IPS officer in charge of the operations told The Hindu . . . A gunfight took place in the early hours after the Maoists fired at a group of the District Voluntary Force , mostly comprising ex-servicemen and personnel of the Special Operation Group of the Odisha police late night on Friday . . . On Saturday morning , we found 13 bodies along with two big claymore mines , several improvised explosive devices , AK 47s , country-made pistols and magazines , the officer said . . . Odisha DGP Prakash Mishra told journalists in Bhubaneswar before flying to Malkangiri that the operation , led by Malkangiri SP Akhileswar Singh , was well planned and executed . Mr. Mishra set an ultimatum for the militants to leave Odisha or face severe consequences . This is the first major operation the Odisha police conducted without involving the Central Armed Police Forces and the Andhra Pradesh police . . . The site is close to Darbha in Chhattisgarh , where Maoists had killed Salwa Judum founder and tribal leader Mahendra Karma and 18 others in a deadly attack on the convoy of Chhattisgarh Congress leaders on May 25 . The police suspect that the dead belonged to the Local Operational Squad -LRB- LOS -RRB- of the Padia area and the Dandakaranya Special Zonal Committee . The two groups were part of the Kalimela squad , which is active in the Dandakaranya region of Odisha and Chhattisgarh . Maoists increased their activity in the Dandakaranya region after they were flushed out of North Telangana of Andhra Pradesh .