Imphal , Oct. 28 : Residents of Ragailong and its surrounding areas today demanded a judicial inquiry into the October 21 bomb blast in which 17 people were killed and more than 30 wounded . . . While residents in the rest of the state were preparing to celebrate the festival of lights , those in Ragailong , a tribal village on the outskirts of Imphal city today spent the day by organising a protest march . . . A powerful bomb , fitted to a moped , exploded near a dice game venue near the gate of Ragailong , close to a police commando barrack and an Assam Rifles transit camp , on the night of October 21 . . . Cadres of the Kangleipak Communist Party ( Military Council ) planted the bomb to target the police and security forces who encouraged gambling and also to warn the gamblers . . . The incident evoked widespread condemnation and sent the Manipur government into taking various preventive measures to avoid such incidents in future . . . The residents of the blast site formed a joint action committee to take up the matter with the Ibobi Singh government . . . Protesters belonging to all communities took out a march from the spot towards the chief ministers office . The police stopped them at Palace Gate , around 300 metres from the office . A delegation was allowed to meet the chief minister . . . The memorandum signed by N. Bhumeshgore , secretary of the action committee , urged the chief minister to order a judicial inquiry into the blast to find out how the bomb exploded near two security establishments and also if there were any security lapses . . . Residents have been accusing the state police of serious lapses . We repeatedly told the police to stop the gambling in the area . But our requests went unheeded , Kambui Lunglu , secretary of the Ragailong Women Union , said . . . The committee also demanded relief for the victims family and the injured . It sought immediate attention for the seriously injured persons and if necessary , their being taken to hospitals outside the state at government cost . . . Chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh has already announced ex gratia for the victims family members and extend financial help to the injured .