LUDHIANA : The Punjab police on Sunday claimed to have solved the Shingar cinema blast case with the arrest of four suspected activists of Babbar Khalsa International -LRB- BKI -RRB- . Announcing the arrest of the four -- Gurpreet alias Khalsa , Palwinder Singh , Sandeep Singh alias Harry and Ravinder alias Rinku - DGP N S Aulakh said the motive behind the October 14 blast , which killed six people and injured 37 , was to revive terrorism and to create communal tension . Aulakh said some prominent religious leaders like Dera Sacha Sauda chief Gurmit Ram Rahim Singh were on the hit list of the BKI operatives . The police recovered 5.10 kg of RDX , 3 detonators and two pistols from the suspected BKI terrorists . With these arrests , the number of people held by the police in the case has gone up to 11 . The DGP said the police were looking for another BKI activist , Harminder Singh , who they believe was involved in the blast . The police said the group had come together in 2005 and 2006 . ` Gurpreet along with Harminder Singh went to Pakistan with a Sikh Jatha where they got training for making bombs from BKI . Once they came back , the duo started training youths , ' Ludhiana SSP R K Jaiswal said . He said Gurpreet also made a trip to Malaysia after returning from Pakistan , but came back soon and started living near Mohali , where Sandeep and Bhagwan Singh Sandhu -- who are now in police custody -- arranged a hideout for him . The group received a consignment of approximately 24 kg of RDX , detonators along with batteries and other devices for assembling improvised explosive devices , from across the border and collected it from Bikaner , Rajasthan , in the last week of July , police said . On the day of the blast , Gurpreet , Sandeep , Harminder and Rinku arrived at the cinema in an autorickshaw driven by Rinku . While Sandeep and Gurpreet kept sitting in the auto , Rinku and Harminder went in and bought tickets for the film . Rinku went inside the hall and planted the bomb . He kept sitting in the hall till the interval , but as soon as the interval got over , he connected the wires of the bomb and moved out immediately , fleeing the place with his rest of the gang , police said . What has added to the police worries is the fact that the group had managed to train several youths in the last one year . Besides , nearly 10 kg of RDX is still to be recovered out of the 24 kg consignment which was received by the group in Bikaner . ` The investigations are on , ' the DGP said . Incidentally , Gurpreet had escaped arrest days before the blast when a car laden with RDX was intercepted at Mullanpur near here . The driver of the car was Gurpreet , who managed to give police a slip then .