Imphal , Oct. 21 : A blast near a hub of security forces in Imphal killed 17 people and injured 20 this evening , two days after a grenade explosion near the chief ministers office . . . The bomb was fitted to a two-wheeler popularly called a moped . . . Police suspect that the headquarters of 20 Assam Rifles , and the Manipur police commando complex 200 metres away , where personnel live with their families , were the targets . It is not yet known if any security personnel died . . . The bomb went off close to a cluster of people at Ragailong village playing a game of dice called lagao . . . The police said 11 people died on the spot and six in hospital . The victims were taken to the Regional Institute of Medical Sciences ( RIMS ) , Jawaharlal Nehru Hospital and a private hospital . . . Baidyanath Prasad , whose paan shop is close to the blast site , wept at the RIMS when he saw the headless torso of his 20-year-old son . . . My son went near the lagao venue to relieve himself . He was innocent . Why should anyone kill innocents like Raju ? Prasad said . . . K. Mangle Singh of Minuthong , which is close to Ragailong , looked worried . My son Rajen Singh has not returned home . I could not get him on his mobile phone ; he did not take the call . So I came here to see if he is wounded . . . The site was strewn with mangled and torn limbs . Body parts had been flung 20 feet away . . . No group has claimed responsibility yet . The Peoples Revolutionary Party of Kangleipak , which claimed to be behind Sundays grenade explosion near chief minister Okram Ibobi Singhs office complex , denied any role in todays blast . . . A resident of Ragailong said many people had gathered at the site for gambling , which picks up ahead of Diwali . He said people from other parts of the state too came to the place to gamble . . . The police suspect the bomb was fitted to a timer . Director-general of police Yumnam Joykumar Singh said the bomb could have been planted on the two-wheeler , which was smashed to pieces . . . I was in my room when I heard a loud bang . I thought the explosion had happ - ened inside our complex , a Manipur police commando said . . . A doctor at the RIMS , while cleaning a blast victims wounds , said : This is the second time after the Iskcon blast that so many injured people have been brought to the hospital . We are struggling to attend to all these patients . . . The Iskcon blast , which happened two years ago , had killed four devotees and wounded more than 50 on Janmashtami . . . Ibobi Singh and several ministers came to see the injured and console relatives .