NEW DELHI : The deadly serial bomb blasts on consecutive days in Bangalore and Ahmedabad have shown that the terrorists are confident of striking at will . But what 's the message they are trying to send ? Strategic analysis expert B Raman says that the blasts seem to be directed against the BJP-ruled states . ` The next series of blasts could possibly be carried out in Madhya Pradesh . It is no coincidence that SIMI cadres were arrested in Indore and Ujjain recently , ' he says . Earlier blasts this year were carried out in Rajasthan and Karnataka , both BJP-ruled states . Five minutes before Saturday 's blasts , a television channel received an email from a terror group claiming to be Indian Mujahideen . In the past one year , this group has owned responsibility for several other strikes . They seem to nurse a grudge against the country 's criminal justice system . ` The innocent Muslims arrested in the -LRB- Mumbai -RRB- bomb blast case are being tried for years and years , ' it says . There is no reference to Kashmir in the email . According to Ajai Sahni , executive director , Institute for Conflict Management , the blasts do not reflect any dramatic augmentation in the strike capacity of the terrorists . ` We must not forget that the terrorists have only been able to hit at soft targets since the Parliament attack in 2001 . And every soft target can not be secured . ' However , he adds : ` If the Bangalore and Ahmedabad blasts are co-related , then it reflects a greater central coordination . ' Sahni is of the view that the material damage wrecked by terrorism is limited . ` But the psychological impact is much more . And this is what needs to be controlled , ' he says . He feels there is an urgent need to shore up the national security apparatus also points out the roadblocks in the way . ` India 's police to population ratio is one of the lowest in the world , barring the poorer African countries . There is a high deficit of personnel in intelligence gathering . The IB has barely 3,500 field officers . We need to address these shortcomings , ' Sahni says . Security expert Prakash Singh , however , feels that the successive blasts in Bangalore and Ahmedabad show the overconfidence of the terrorists . ` They have no fear of being detected , arrested or prosecuted , ' he says . Affirms PR Chari , research professor , Institute for Peace and Conflict Studies , ` The blasts were a demonstration of their capabilities and a terse reminder of the state 's helplessness . ' .