Aman Sethi Police say they are unable to guard against attacks such as Monday 's ambush Dantewada : A dismembered arm lies adjacent to the shattered carcass of a bus on the Dantewada-Sukhma road in Chhattisgarh 's Dantewada district . The day after members of the Communist Party of India ( Maoist ) blew up a bus carrying about 50 Special Police Officers and civilians , police search parties combed the area for bodies , limbs and evidence . We found a human torso 300 metres from the blast , said a police officer at the site , Another body was found hanging from a Mahua tree . In all , 31 persons perished in Monday 's attack 15 Koya Commandoes of the SPO wing of Chhattisgarh , one constable of the Sashatra Seema Bal paramilitary force and 15 civilians , including three women . Sangeeta Nag had spent the morning in Dantewada , applying for a post in the Chhattisgarh Police , and was on her way back to Sukhma when she was killed in the blast . Shanti Kashyap , a young nurse posted at Mankapal village , perished as well . On Tuesday , a dull grief replaced the frantic confusion of the day before . At the Sukhma Government Hospital , rescue workers hurriedly packed mangled corpses into wooden coffins , even as three shrouded bodies lay unclaimed . Retracting prior statements , police sources confirmed that only Sangeeta Nag had applied for a post in the Chhattisgarh Police the remaining civilians were Adivasis making their way along Chhattisgarh 's poorly serviced roads . According to the police , the powerful blast ripped through the front of the bus , propelling it a further 40 metres from the bomb crater . Almost all the passengers travelling in the front were killed , while those towards the rear suffered serious injuries . I saw a man torn apart like a pair of old clothes , said an eyewitness who rushed to the site , As he lay dying , Chabi Lal , the bus driver , asked for water , but the liquid flowed right through him . Though this stretch of the road was demined only four days ago , police sources expressed their inability to guard against such attacks . No road in Dantewada is safe , said an official , Mines like these can be planted in as little as two hours . Intelligence gathered from villagers is the only way to prevent such tragedies . The fact that armed and uniformed special police officers were travelling on the roof of bus is thought to be the reason behind the blast . In a phone call with this correspondent , the South Bastar Regional Committee leader of the Communist Party of India ( Maoist ) , Ravula Srinivas , stated the SPOs were the intended target of the attack and urged civilians not to travel in vehicles commandeered by the Security Forces . The public bus was going from Dantewada to Sukhma when it was stopped en route by SPOs returning from an overnight operation in the Bhusaras area . OPEN