Another Indian Mujahideen suspect has been arrested by Delhi Police Special Cell officers in Purnea ( Bihar ) . With this , seven arrests have been made so far and the police are on the lookout for half-a-dozen more . The accused has been identified as Aftab . The police suspect his involvement in the twin blasts outside the Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bangalore . He will be brought to Delhi on transit remand for further investigations , said a police officer on Tuesday . The arrest follows purported revelations by the six alleged Indian Mujahideen terrorists , including a Pakistani national , who were arrested a few days ago in connection with Delhi 's Jama Masjid shooting-cum-blast , Pune 's German Bakery and Chinnaswamy Stadium blasts last year . According to the police , some of the accused were directly involved in these cases and the others in the conspiracy and terror activities . They were part of a module set up by a suspected Indian Mujahideen operative , Shahrukh , on whom the police have declared a reward of Rs .15 lakh . Shahrukh , said to be an expert at assembling improvised explosive devices , is suspected to have configured the bombs used in the three cases . His job was also to procure explosives , which he supplied in the 2008 Delhi serial blasts . Since 2009 he has been overseeing the outfit 's activities across the country . Of those arrested so far , Qateel Siddiqi was close to Shahrukh . We suspect that Qateel was directly involved in the Jama Masjid and German Bakery cases , said a police officer , adding that Aftab would be confronted with the other accused once he is brought to the Capital . Sources said that Aftab , who operated under aliases Farooq and Roshan , was nabbed from a village under the Jalalgarh police station by a Special Branch team aided by the Purnea district police following a tip-off from the Intelligence Bureau . Declining to give specific details , Purnea Superintendent of Police Amit Lodha said the operative had sneaked in from neighbouring Nepal into Bihar 's Araria district a few months ago . OPEN