Chief Minister V.S. Achuthanandan has alleged that the bomb blast incident at Narikkatteri in Kozhikode district on Saturday exposed the preparations the United Democratic Front ( UDF ) was making to instigate violence during the upcoming Assembly elections . At a press conference here on Sunday , the Chief Minister said five UDF workers were killed and three others severely injured when a bomb accidently went off at a secret bomb-making facility of the front . It shows to what extent the UDF leaders , who are in the dock for indulging in corruption and mafia operations , will go , he said . He noted that the UDF had unleashed violence at Nadapuram during the run-up to the 2001 Assembly elections and followed it up with false propaganda to influence the polls . The UDF had started large-scale bomb production as the State prepared to go for elections , he said . They are doing things to divert the attention of people from the case in which their leader is involved . The UDF is doing this on the initiative of the Indian Union Muslim League , he said . He asked Leader of the Opposition Oommen Chandy to own up responsibility for the Narikkatteri incident ( on behalf of the UDF ) and tender his apologies to the people of the State . He said the police would be strict in dealing the mischief mongers and asked people to be vigilant against the ongoing conspiracy . UDF flayed The bomb explosion clearly shows that the UDF is getting ready to sabotage free and fair verdict in the upcoming Assembly elections , Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) State secretary Pinarayi Vijayan has said . In a statement on Sunday , Mr. Vijayan demanded a police investigation into the explosion and stern action against the forces behind it . The death of five IUML workers in the explosion was a serious political issue . The CPI ( M ) leader said the IUML and UDF were indulging in violence to pin down the Left Democratic Front ( LDF ) . During the last days of the Nayanar government , they had not only launched bomb attacks , but had also spread rumours that an LDF activist had molested a housewife . They were attempting a re-enactment of the same political culture . At least in the light of the bomb explosion in the League stronghold of Narikkatteri , the UDF leadership should give up politics of violence , he added . Mr. Vijayan said the kinship between certain extremist organisations that function under the label of minorities and the Muslim League was evident in the bomb manufacturing at Nadapuram . Pinarayi Vijayan seeks strong action Terms the incident a serious political issue OPEN