Home Minister P. Chidambaram on Thursday said there were indications of involvement of Indian module in the July 13 Mumbai blasts that killed 26 people . It is for the first time that the government has pointed towards the involvement of a home-grown terror group for the three explosions in the metropolis . The Home Minister also said all over the world right wing fascist forces were on the rise and India was no exception to it . While no conclusion has been reached , all indications point to Indian module , Mr. Chidambaram said about the Mumbai blasts , adding that perhaps it could be the same module that carried out a blast in the German Bakery in Pune last year . He said that while there was a finger-pointing for every terror incident towards the neighbouring country , a clear reference to Pakistan , there was also an existence of home-grown terror modules as also right wing fascist forces . We can not live in denial . We can not close our eyes to facts . There are home-grown modules . They do not belong to one religion , Mr. Chidambaram said . He said the Pune and Mumbai blasts were two major blots in the last 32 months since he assumed the charge of Home Minister . I accept it , he said . Mr. Chidambaram said another mistake was to point fingers at a particular religion whenever a bomb blast took place . Describing the period from 2002 to 2008 as the worst phase of terrorism-related violence , Mr. Chidambaram said there was a failure to recognise the growth of SIMI and Indian Mujahideen in these years at the political and government level . He said the security forces had so far smashed 51 terror modules in last two years . We have successfully busted a number of modules . The Minister said terrorism had taken a new dimension and it not only affected the nation 's security but also the nation 's survival as one entity . He said that India lived in the most troubled and vulnerable neighbourhood in the world as the epicentre of terrorism has shifted to Afghanistan and Pakistan from West Asia . As long as the epicentre of terrorism is in this region , we continue to be under the shadow of terror and continue to be vulnerable , he said . OPEN