Tejaram , a mason arrested by the NIA near Indore on Monday , was the person who had placed the Improvised Explosive Device ( IED ) which did not explode in the Mecca Masjid in May 2007 , the NIA investigators maintained in his remand case diary that was submitted to a court here on Thursday . The IED , however , did not explode and was defused by the bomb disposal squad ( BDS ) after another IED placed under the marble platform ( takht ) went off killing nine persons . The IED which exploded under the marble platform was concealed by Tejarams associate Rajender Choudary alias Samundar , the National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) said in the remand case diary . Tejarams involvement in the Mecca Masjid blast came to light during the interrogation of Rajendar Choudary , who is presently in police custody . Choudary was arrested in connection with Samjhauta Express blast case . The agency then arrested Tejaram alias Tejaram Parmar alias Khalifa at Depalpur near Indore on Monday and recovered a driving licence , a voter identity card , a mobile phone and other documents along with Rs . 630 in cash from him . The NIA obtained a prisoners transit warrant and brought him to Hyderabad . Six persons named The CBI had named six persons among whom Devender Gupta ( A1 ) , Lokesh Sharma ( A2 ) and Nabakumar Sarkar alias Swami Asimanand ( A6 ) were arrested . Sandeep V. Dange ( A3 ) and Ramchandra Kalsangara ( A4 ) are still at large while one more accused , Sunil Joshi ( A5 ) alias Manoj , was murdered at Dewas in Madhya Pradesh while the investigation was on . The Central government later handed over all the blast cases to the NIA . During the course of investigation , the agency arrested Bharat Mohanlal Rateswar alias Bharat Bhai ( A7 ) for providing logistic support to carry out the blast . NIA files petition Meanwhile , the NIA filed a petition in the Nampally court seeking custody of Tejaram for 20 days to enable it to travel with him as part of the investigation . The court , however , posted the matter to Friday and directed the jail authorities to lodge him in a special cell . Mecca Masjid blast took place in May 2007 , killing nine personsCBI names six persons of whom 3 are arrested , two are absconding and one murdered Mecca Masjid blast took place in May 2007 , killing nine persons CBI names six persons of whom 3 are arrested , two are absconding and one murdered OPEN