For the third time in a week , Peshawar was brought to its knees , this time by a powerful 220-kg bomb in a car parked near a police station in the historic Qissa Khwani bazar , which killed 44 persons and injured over 90 on Sunday . According to Shiraz Paracha , the spokesperson for the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa ( KPK ) Chief Minister , the explosive was fitted into a Toyota Corolla and parked outside Khan Raziq police station at the entrance of the bazar . Ironically , the police station was named after an officer killed in a terrorist attack . Over 30 shops were destroyed . We are under tremendous pressure after the consecutive blasts and the government is formulating a strategy to counter these incidents , he said . Just as the shops were opening at around 11 am , the bomb detonated leaving those who were there shocked . It triggered another cylinder explosion in a nearby car , according to the police . The market was engulfed in a thick black cloud of smoke as cars and shops caught fire while panic spread . For the third time this week , Lady Reading hospital was confronted with an emergency situation . The government maintains that there is enough space and medical personnel available for treatment . The casualty department has 40 beds and is trying to cope with the fresh influx of the wounded . Police said the entire white Toyota car was fashioned into a bomb and a crater was formed at the site of the blast . Fire-fighters had to climb into the shops lining the road to douse the fires . This incident comes after Pakistan Tehreek e Insaf ( PTI ) chairperson Imran Khan suggested that the Taliban should be allowed to open an office in the country for talks for which he has been roundly criticised . PTI heads the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa provincial government which is now under fire for its lack of security . Mr. Khan , in a quick statement on Sunday , strongly condemned the Peshawar blast and assured the nation , especially the people of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , that culprits will be punished . The ruling Pakistan Muslim League ( Nawaz ) too has condemned the blast as also other top leaders . Party secretary general Iqbal Zafar Jhagra said such acts of cowardice threatened the ongoing peace process , adding that the government was determined to exterminate all facets of terrorism . Last Sunday , two suicide bombers had attacked a church in Peshawar , not far from this bazaar , killing over 80 and on Friday a bomb went off in a bus carrying government employees , killing 19of them and injuring over 40 . Qissa Khwani bazar is known for a massacre of the Khudai Khidmatgars , by British in 1930 . They were gunned down during a non-violent protest . It is famous even now as a market of story tellers . It is said that caravans on a long journey used it as a resting spot . . It is also the birth place of Mohammed Yusuf Khan better known as Dilip Kumar . OPEN