Maoists are changing their tactics to counter security forces growing offensive in their strongholds . The latest examples came in the form of planting of a 1.5-kg improvised explosive device ( IED ) inside the stomach of a CRPF personnel killed in an encounter with Naxals in Jharkhands Latehar district on Monday , and placing of two IEDs beneath the bodies of two jawans at the encounter site . In the first case , the bomb was recovered and in the second , the IEDs exploded leading to some casualties . Had the bomb inside the body exploded before being detected by doctors at a local hospital , it would have claimed many innocent lives . It was a booby trap , a first of its kind , where the IED was meticulously concealed inside the stomach that had multiple stitches . The IED was a pressure bomb prototype which explodes on being disturbed . This is a first-of-its-kind incident where it is evident that Maoists are under tremendous pressure from security forces and thinking of new ways to target them , a senior official of the Ministry of Home Affairs ( MHA ) said . The jawans body , recovered by a patrol party after the encounter , was strategically placed to ensure that security personnel do not miss it . The body with implanted IED was taken to a hospital in Ranchi where the doctors became suspicious after noticing stitches . The body was placed in an open field and a bomb disposal squad called , which later defused the bomb , the intention was clear that through the IED blast , they wanted to kill many more , the official said . Acknowledging that Maoists are changing their strategy , Union Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde said : They are employing new tacticsour forces are aware of it and have been very cautious while dealing with Maoists . In a major setback to the governments offensive against Maoists in Latehar district , 10 security personnel , including nine from the CRPF lost their lives on Monday . The police and the CRPF jointly launched a big operation in the Maoist strongholds of Latehar where they are entrenched for decades and are familiar with the terrain . It is going to be tough for security forces , but we will still neutralise them . Though we have lost jawans , intelligence inputs suggest that Maoists too have suffered significant causalities . We will continue with our operations till Maoists are cleared from this area , the official said . OPEN