Praveen Swami . . As forensic evidence trickles in , the list of possible suspects multiplies . . Terror groups have long history of collaboration with Pakistan-based Khalistani organisations . . BKI desperate to register success . . NEW DELHI : Even as the first fragments of forensic evidence of the Shringar Cinema bombing in Ludhiana have begun to trickle in , Punjab police investigators find themselves with a mounting list of suspects and , as yet , little hard evidence to work with . . . National Security Guard experts have determined that the bomb which ripped through the theatre was built around a core of Research Department Explosive , but officials said its final composition and construction would be known only after final results were available . . . Punjab police sources said they were focussing on the possible role of the Babbar Khalsa International -LRB- BKI -RRB- the last Khalistan terror group believed to have credible offensive capabilities . Officials note that the globally-proscribed BKI , which frequently targeted migrant workers from Bihar during the past , has been desperate to register success . . . Ever since the Inter-Services Intelligence started to choke off funding to the BKI in 2005 , its Lahore-based chief Wadhawa Singh has been seeking to mount a major operation to raise funds from sympathisers in Europe and the United States of America , a New Delhi-based intelligence official told The Hindu . . . Only last month did the Punjab police seize 3.5 kg of RDX from a car owned by Jagraon resident Gurpreet Singh , son of a former terrorist . Investigators say Gurpreet Singh , who is absconding , met Wadhawa Singh earlier this year , after travelling to Lahore through Kuala Lumpur . . . Last year too , the Punjab police found evidence that the BKI was seeking to mount offensive operations . . . Four BKI terrorists , linked to a module controlled by the absconding Beant Singh assassin Jagtar Singh Tara , were arrested on March 21 , 2006 , and one kg of RDX was recovered . Just a day earlier , the Delhi police held the BKI operations chief Paramjit Singh Bheora and associates . Four kg of RDX was found in the terrorists safe-house near Karnal . . . BKI operative held . . In 2005 , the Delhi police arrested top BKI operative Jagtar Singh Hawara after his organisation bombed two movie theatres in New Delhi to protest what they claimed was its anti-Sikh politics . . . Hawara , architect of the 1995 assassination of Chief Minister Beant Singh , escaped from Chandigarhs Burail Jail in 2004 . . . He was sentenced to death earlier this year . . . But intelligence officials also said the evidence available so far did not justify making a determination on which terror group most likely carried out Sundays strike . Islamist terror groups have hit targets in Punjab before a fact of significance given the spate of recent attacks nationwide . . . Among the largest terror strikes conducted by the Islamist terror groups in Punjab was the March 1997 bombing of a parking lot outside the Jalandhar City Railway Station . . . Six people were killed and 13 injured . An ammonium nitrate-based bomb packed in a still can was used to fabricate the device used in the explosion . . . New Delhi resident Amir Hashim , a Lashkar-e-Taiba operative , who operated under the code-name Kamran , was later convicted for his role in the bombing , as well as a series of prior strikes in Punjab , Haryana and the national capital . Pakistani national Wasim Akbar , who collaborated with Hashim in the Jalandhar bombing and the abortive December 1996 strike at Ludhiana , was shot dead at Surankote , near Poonch in 1998 . . . All three top Lashkar operatives who directed Hashim the organisations overall military commander , Zaki-ur-Rahman Lakhvi ; the head of operations outside Jammu and Kashmir , Mohammad Azam Cheema ; and his immediate superior , one-time Ghaziabad resident Abdul Karim Tunda are still active in Pakistan . . . The Islamist terror groups have a long history of collaboration with Pakistan-based Khalistani organisations such as the BKI and the Khalistan Zindabad Force . . . In 1992 , as the Khalistan movement began to disintegrate , the Central Bureau of Investigation detected efforts to revive it with assistance from Islamists in Jammu and Kashmir . BKI operative Manjit Singh , the leading figure in the operation , was recently released from prison after he served a life term . . . Role of migrant workers ? . . Ludhianas large community of Bangladeshi migrant workers , some intelligence officials suspect , may also have been used by Harkat ul-Jihad-e-Islami operatives to execute the movie theatre bombing . . . Investigators believe that Bangladesh-based HUJI operatives executed at least three recent strikes : the Mecca Masjid bombing in May , the Hyderabad serial bombings in August , and last weeks shrine attack in Ajmer . . . At this stage , one official said , we need to explore every possible avenue .