Praveen Swami . . One Lashkar leader killed in Lucknow , two in Delhi . . NEW DELHI : Just hours after the bomb blasts in Varanasi , the Uttar Pradesh and New Delhi police hit back at the Lashkar-e-Taiba , which experts believe could have carried out Tuesday 's attacks at the Sankat Mochan temple and the Cantonment railway station . . . A joint group of the Jammu and Kashmir and Uttar Pradesh police shot dead Mohammad Salim bin-Aziz , a resident of Ratlam district of Madhya Pradesh . Officials say he was one of the seniormost organisers of the Lashkar . . . The counter-terrorist Special Cell of the Delhi police killed two Lashkar terrorists , including Ghulam Yazdani , in north Delhi . He was the architect of a Dhaka-based cell that executed blasts and assassinations in Andhra Pradesh and Gujarat . . . ` Both the Intelligence Bureau and State police forces have been monitoring these cells for several weeks , ' one senior official told The Hindu . ` While there were indications that several large-scale strikes were being planned , there is no evidence to suggest either group had any direct contact with the Varanasi bombers , ' he said . . . Informed sources said the gunning down of the Lashkar members had no direct link with the Varanasi bombings , but described the killings as the most significant blow to the Lashkar 's capabilities in over a year . In particular , the elimination of the 43-year-old bin-Aziz in a pre-dawn raid in Lucknow 's Gosainganj area marks the end of a 20-year terror career of the Lashkar 's most wanted and most enigmatic operative . . . On the run from the police of Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan , where he was wanted on organised crime charges , bin-Aziz came into contact with a Harkat-linked cleric at the Deoband seminary in 1989 . He was trained in a camp near Rawalpindi and assigned command of the Harkat unit that operated in Anantnag from 1991 . . . Police and intelligence authorities in Uttar Pradesh have drawn sketches of the two men , who witnesses say , planted the explosives in Varanasi . . . At least one of the bombs , Home Minister Shivraj Patil said in New Delhi , was encased in a pressure cooker . . . Forensic tests will be done to determine whether the explosive material was the one used in other strikes across the country . . . Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Mulayam Singh Yadav told journalists that investigators might have recovered important bombing-related evidence from the Lucknow safe house used by bin-Aziz , who operated with the code-names ` Salaar , ' ` Doctor , ' ` Majeed , ' and ` Masala-wallah . ' . . Mr. Yadav repeatedly referred to bin-Aziz as a Pakistan national , but later described him simply as ' a terrorist . ' .