City Bureau . . Weekend crowds targeted ; tension mounts in the Andhra Pradesh capital ; HuJI hand suspected . . HYDERABAD : Two explosions within minutes , one at an amusement park in front of the State Secretariat and another at a popular eatery in the busy Koti area , left at least 39 people dead and more than 50 injured in the city on Saturday . Another unexploded bomb was found in the Dilsukhnagar locality late in the night . . . Tension escalated in the capital , as the injured were rushed to hospitals in ambulances , city buses and cars . The 10,000-strong city police were ordered out on the streets to check any violent backlash . Till late in the night , no untoward incidents were reported . . . Explosions rocked Lumbini Park , abutting the Hussainsagar lake and in front of the Secretariat main gate , and at Gokul Chat , a popular eatery in the busy Koti area in central Hyderabad , hours after the city police arrested four persons , including a Dubai national , and seized counterfeit currency of Rs 2.36 crore in the old city . . . A group of 45 students from the Amritavahini engineering college in Sangamera town , Maharashtra , on a sight-seeing trip to Hyderabad , took the brunt of the massive explosion at Lumbini park . Seven persons died and 11 were injured . The injured were shifted to the nearby Mediciti and Yashoda hospitals . The scene at the site was gruesome , with lumps of flesh strewn around . . . At Koti , one of the busiest junctions of the capital , there was a large gathering at Gokul Chat when the blast took place . The casualities here were more 27 dead and scores injured as the blast took place inside the building . Dazed passersby rushed into the building minutes after the blast and dragged the injured out . With no ambulances available , they stopped a city bus and loaded all the injured into it and rushed them to the Osmania General Hospital . I rushed inside . There was lot of smoke and could see many injured people a visibly shocked man recalled . . . Though no terrorist group has claimed responsibility for the blasts , suspicion centered on the Harkat-ul Jehadi Islami -LRB- HuJI -RRB- . Forensic experts who visited the site said the slurry explosive with metal balls was packed in containers and detonated with a timer . Both the blasts took place around 7.46 p.m. Chief Minister Y.S. Rajasekhara Reddy , who rushed to the blasts sites , said it was a terrorist act and declared his governments resolve to bring those responsible to justice . . . Just about three months ago , a powerful explosion ripped through a massive congregation at the Mecca Masjid near Charminar , killing nine persons . In the violence that followed , five persons were killed in police firing . The May 18 blasts as well as Saturday explosions did not lead to a communal conflagration , as the perpertrators would have hoped for . . . Manmohan , Sonia condemn blasts . . New Delhi Special Correspondent reports : . . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , United Progressive Alliance chairperson Sonia Gandhi , Home Minister Shivraj Patil and Lok Sabha Speaker Somnath Chatterjee have condemned the Hyderabad blasts . . . Dr. Singh expressed deep concern over the welfare of those affected . Mr. Patil said all-out efforts would be made to bring the perpetrators of the ghastly crime to justice . Mr. Chatterjee expressed deep sorrow over the loss of lives of innocent people . All leaders offered condolences to the families of those killed . . . Union Home Secretary Madhukar Gupta said the Ministry was closely monitoring the situation in Hyderabad in the wake of the blasts . All assistance would be provided to the State government to tackle the situation . Mr. Gupta spoke to the Andhra Pradesh Chief Secretary and said that all aspects of the blasts were being probed . . . Intelligence sources believe the blasts could be the handiwork of terrorist groups ; the needle of suspicion in the Mecca Masjid blast on May 18 pointed to the involvement of cadres of the Harkat-ul-Jehad-i-Islami and sleeper cells of the Jaish-e-Mohammed outfit . The timing , venue and high intensity of the blasts indicated that a powerful explosive could have been used .