GAYA : Terror struck the temple town of Bodh Gaya in Bihar , as nine serial explosions rocked the Mahabodhi Temple complex on Sunday morning . . . Two tourists , including a monk from Myanmar , have been injured in the blasts . The injured are being treated at the Anugrah Narain Magadh Medical College hospital . . . Union home secretary Anil Goswami confirmed that the Bodh Gaya blasts were a terror attack . . . Bihar Police suspect the involvement of Indian Mujahideen in the temple blasts . . . According to Gaya Police , the blasts took place in quick succession between 5.30 am and 6am in the temple complex and near the Mahabodhi tree . One blast was reported from a bus stand . . . One of the blasts took place just under the enlightenment tree causing partial damage to the Buddha footprints in the shrine premises . . . Four blasts took place inside the shrine premises , while another three blasts took place in the Tregar monastery premises . The Tregar monastery belongs to the Karmapa , the second most important spiritual leader . . . One blast each took place at the great Buddha statue and a bus parked on the Sujata bypass . . . Arvind Singh , a member of Mahabodhi Temple Management Commitee said two other bombs , one near the 80 feet statue and one at bus stand have been defused . . . Zonal IG Sushil Khopade confirmed eight blasts . . . Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar reached Bodh Gaya to take stock of the situation . He took a round of the Mahabodhi Temple complex and held a meeting with the officials . . . BJP activists led by former minister Prem Kumar greeted Nitish Kumar with ` go back ' slogans outside the temple main gate . . . JD ( U ) workers present there raised pro-Nitish slogans and countered the protesting BJP workers . . . Cops have sealed the entry routes to the shrine . A NIA team is expected to arrive shortly for the probe . . . `` A team of NIA officers is coming to Bodh Gaya from Kolkata , '' DIG special branch Parasnath said . . . The DIG said , `` The sanctum sanctorum of the Mahabodhi Temple is intact . The temple premises have been sanitised . '' . . The secretary of the Bodh Gaya committee Dorji said , `` There were four blasts inside the temple premises . Fortunately , there was no damage to the Bodhi Tree or the main temple structure . '' . . `` In the first blast which took place near the Bodhi tree , a table was blown up because of which two persons were injured . The second blast , I think , was inside the enclosure where books were kept . The furniture was damaged but there was no damage to the monuments or statues , '' he said . . . Asked about the nature of explosives used , S K Bharadwaj , ADG ( Law and Order ) said they were low intensity time bombs . . . He said , `` We got information about six-seven months back that there may be a terror attack on the Mahabodhi temple . After that we had beefed up secuirty and deployed extra forces '' . . . Bodh Gaya Buddhist temple , around 10 km from Gaya and 100 km from capital Patna , is world famous . Lord Buddha had attained enlightenment here under the Mahabodhi tree in the temple premises . . . Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama makes frequent trips to Bodh Gaya and Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa had visited it six months back . A total of 52 countries have established their monasteries here .