CHENNAI : A woman was killed and 14 others injured , two of them critically , when two low-intensity bombs exploded in a span of five minutes on two coaches of the Bangalore-Guwahati train at the busy Central Railway station here today . . . The Tamil Nadu government ordered a probe by its special CB-CID wing as police detained a suspect in connection with the blasts . . . The Guwahati-bound train arrived here late by about an hour at 7.05 AM at Platform No. 9 and in a span of five minutes , two low intensity bombs exploded in S4 and S5 coaches , police said . . . Passengers of the train , who were waiting to board on its onward journey after a ten minute halt , were jolted by the sound of the explosion and ran helter-skelter . . . A woman was killed in the blast while 14 others were injured . . . The 22-year-old victim , who lost her life in the explosion , has been identified as Swati travelling to Guntur via Vijayawada and the injured are undergoing treatment at the state-run Rajiv Gandhi hospital where doctors described their condition as `` out of danger '' . . . Tamil Nadu DGP K Ramanujam , who inspected the damaged S4 and S5 coaches of the train , said , `` City police , Railway Police , forensic experts and bomb disposal squads have been searching the coaches of the train . The coaches of other trains are also being checked '' , he said . . . `` It is not a major blast . It is suspected that Chennai could not have been target of those who were behind the blast because the train was running late . Some other location could have been the target '' , Ramanujam said . . . `` It is premature to say what kind of device was used in the blast . Damage to the train is not heavy , '' he added . . . DGP ( Elections ) Anoop Jaiswal said , `` We are picking up clues and any speculation on this is too premature '' , he said . . . Jaiswal said nobody has been arrested in connection with the blasts . . . Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa ordered CB-CID investigation into the blasts and announced Rs one lakh ex-gratia to the family of the deceased , besides Rs 50,000 each to the grievously wounded and Rs 25,000 to those with minor injuries . . . She condemned the explosions and directed police to nab those behind the act . . . The blasts came two days after the arrest of a terror suspect hailing from Sri Lanka and believed to have links with Indian terror modules . . . The Guwahati-bound train was cleared for onward journey after replacing the damaged coaches , Railway sources said . . . Railway Minister M Mallikarjun Kharge said in Bangalore that an expert from New Delhi will visit Chennai to find the cause behind the blasts and announced Rs one lakh ex-gratia to the family of the deceased . . . He also announced Rs 25,000 each to the seriously injured and Rs 5,000 each to those with minor injuries.Treatment expenses for the injured would be borne by the Railways , he said . . . `` Investigation is going on and both the railway board and Tamil Nadu Police are cooperating with each other . When we get the detailed report , we will be able to know the cause of the incident , '' he said . . . Commissioner Railway Safety ( southern circle ) S K Mittal will conduct an inquiry into the incident , Railway Spokesperson Anil Saxena said . . . Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde , who is in Himachal Pradesh for campaigning for Congress candidates , said , `` I have directed my officials to provide all assistance to the state government . . . Union Home Secretary Anil Goswami told PTI , `` We are in touch with the Tamil Nadu government and have sought a report on the incident '' . . . Asked whether the blast can be termed as a terror attack , Goswami said it was too early to arrive at any conclusion . . . `` We are still waiting for the details , '' he said . Railway Board Chairman Arunendra Kumar said , `` It seems the blast took place under a berth '' . . . A team of National Security Guard and explosive experts is likely to be sent to Chennai to join in the investigation into the blast . . . NIA team from Hyderabad is being rushed to the blast site , official sources said . . . Southern Railway has set up a helpline to provide information to the public . The helpline number is 044-64502416 . . . Security has been tightened across Tamil Nadu particularly at airports , railway stations and bus terminals besides key installations like nuclear power stations in the wake of the bomb blasts . . . Search on all inbound and out-bound trains in Chennai Central station continued and police also resorted to similar action across the state which affected train schedules . . . Opposition parties including DMK and DMDK today slammed the state government for failing to maintain law and order . . . DMK president M Karunanidhi recalled the recent arrest of Mohamed Zahir Hussain , suspected of having links with Indian terror modules , and charged that lack of proper steps in the wake of his nabbing has led to such an incident . PTI .