The Uttar Pradesh police has released sketches of four suspects in connection with the Fridays multiple blasts in Varanasi , Faizabad and Lucknow . . . Lucknow , Nov 24 : The Uttar Pradesh police has released sketches of four suspects in connection with the Friday 's multiple blasts in Varanasi , Faizabad and Lucknow . . . The Deputy Inspector General ( DIG ) P P Srivastav today released the sketch of a 25-year-old youth wearing spectacles who had allegedly picked up a bicycle from the cycle stand at the railway station and after loading it with explosives allegedly kept it in the compound of the Faizabad civil court . . . The state police last night released sketches of three suspects believed to behind the blasts in Lucknow and Faizabad courts . . . The sketch of the suspect who purchased the bicycle from a shop on Thursday and kept it at the railway station stand was among the three sketches released last night . . . The sketches were prepared on the basis of the statements of eyewitnesses including lawyers . . . The Uttar Pradesh government today said that lawyers were the target of Friday 's serial blasts , possibly because of their refusal to represent terrorists arrested in connection with various blasts in the State . . . State 's Principal Secretary ( Home ) J N Chamber referred to the lawyers ' assault on three JeM militants , who were arrested from Lucknow recently , while being produced in the court . . . He also referred to the lawyers refusal to represent the accused in the Sankatmochan temple blast in Varanasi , and Faizabad lawyers ' refusal to represent the accused in the Ram Janambhoomi complex blast in July 2005 . . . In the wake of Friday 's blasts , security at court premises will be steeped , he said , adding that directives have been issued in this regard . . . Meanwhile , Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) and Vishwa Hindu Parishad ( VHP ) sponsored shutdown called to protest against the Friday 's serial blasts evoked a mixed response . . . No violence has been reported during the state-wide shutdown . . . Varanasi , Kanpur and Faizabad were the worst affected areas with most of the shops and business establishments remaining closed . . . In Varanasi , where at least nine people were killed in Friday 's blasts , Bajrang Dal activists took to the streets . . . The activists forced the shopkeepers to close their shops in the city . . . However , Samajwadi Party workers halted a train in Allahabad in protest against the state Government and demanded the resignation of Chief Minister Mayawati . . . In some parts of Lucknow , shops and business were closed , while public transport in the city was normal . . . But the attacks could n't deter the faith of thousands of devotees who turned out in large numbers on the banks of Ganges River in Varanasi to take a holy dip on the occasion of Kartik Purnima , the full moon day . . . `` Terrorism can never affect the faith of people . History reveals that devout Hindus are always ready to sacrifice their life for their faith , '' said Mridul Mishra , a devotee . . . Similar scenes were visible in Ayodhya , where four people were killed in Friday 's blast . . . `` Security arrangements are very good here . We are not scared at all , '' said Sachidanand Pandey , a devotee . . . Meanwhile , Special Task Force has been asked to probe the near-simultaneous blasts in court premises at Varanasi , Faizabad and Lucknow , that killed 15 people , four of them lawyers , and injured over 80 . . . Six bombs - three in Varansi , two in Faizabad and one in Lucknow - some planted on cycles , went off within a span of 15 minutes . . . The blasts came a week after the Uttar Pradesh police along with central security agencies busted a Jaish-e-Mohammed module , which wanted to target Congress leader Rahul Gandhi . . . addthis_url = location.href ; addthis_title = document.title ; addthis_pub = ` vijaytech ' ; . . a36 ( ) ; . . .