WHAT HAPPENED AT the Red Fort last week and Monday 's car bomb blast near the Army headquarters in Srinagar are only to be expected at this juncture . The first anniversary of the hijack of an Indian Airlines plane to Kandahar has gone by and the ceasefire in Jammu and Kashmir has been extended for a month by the Prime Minister . The militants opposed to the ceasefire and the proposed dialogue with Kashmiri groups were bound to have their say at this juncture . True , the Red Fort may not be the fort it was under Shah Jehan . But it is still a symbol of India 's power and continues to be the venue of the annual Independence Day address by the Prime Minister . Some of the army divisions are housed in the area and top officers , including those who have served recently in Kashmir , reside in the huge complex . It is also a bazaar and tourist spot , all rolled into one . What remains unclear still is whether the two militants , who sneaked into the Red Fort last Friday and killed three persons , including two soldiers , had a bigger agenda . Was their mission foiled by these intruders on their path ? Perhaps they could have come with a bigger agenda to create panic in the national capital . But their brazen entry into the Red Fort and the gunning down of three persons were a clear signal to the Centre and meant a lapse in security as well as intelligence . The Delhi police have claimed a breakthrough in this case , with an encounter reported at Jamianagar in South Delhi in the wee hours of Tuesday . One Pakistan national has been killed and another taken into custody , the authorities declaring both of them members of the Lashkar-e-Taiba . Following up on the weapons left behind by the militants at Vijay Ghat , the police raided a residence in Jamianagar , where these two militants were holed up . It is not certain yet whether they were the militants actually involved in the storming of the Red Fort or were only associates in the plot . Only a thoroughgoing investigation can provide insights into this daring operation . One thing is clear . The security and intelligence agencies have not yet learnt their lessons . Despite the Kargil affair and the Subrahmanyam committee report , there is just no coordination among the various agencies . It is perhaps the worst in Delhi , where the defence services function independently , the Intelligence Bureau and the RAW have their own show and the Delhi police watch helplessly until they are called in to take up the investigation . They could not enter the Navy Chief 's residence or the Red Fort , until the Navy and the Army took their time to conduct their own inquiry . The car bomb explosion outside the highly-guarded 15 Corps headquarters in Srinagar comes barely eight months after an attack in the same area . Two Pakistan-based militant outfits have claimed responsibility for this explosion , but it is still not clear whether there was a suicide bomber in the car or whether it was blown up with a remote-controlled device . Whatever the impact or whoever caused it , the message is the same - a bid to defeat the ceasefire and abort the nascent peace process . If the Centre remains committed to pursuing peace , it must ignore these attempts and focus on strengthening both security and intelligence . Protecting monuments and symbols of India 's power like the Red Fort must figure high on the Government 's priority . It is equally important to shore up security in all defence installations and headquarters . There are bound to be more challenges to the peace initiative . The Republic Day is round the corner . It may not be possible to thwart every militant attempt , but it is about time that the revamp of the security and intelligence agencies was taken up seriously by the Centre . The Group of Ministers , reviewing the Subrahmanyam committee report , must decide quickly and get into the action mode . . . WHAT HAPPENED AT the Red Fort last week and Monday 's car bomb blast near the Army headquarters in Srinagar are only to be expected at this juncture . The first anniversary of the hijack of an Indian Airlines plane to Kandahar has gone by and the ceasefire in Jammu and Kashmir has been extended for a month by the Prime Minister . The militants opposed to the ceasefire and the proposed dialogue with Kashmiri groups were bound to have their say at this juncture . True , the Red Fort may not be the fort it was under Shah Jehan . But it is still a symbol of India 's power and continues to be the venue of the annual Independence Day address by the Prime Minister . Some of the army divisions are housed in the area and top officers , including those who have served recently in Kashmir , reside in the huge complex . It is also a bazaar and tourist spot , all rolled into one . What remains unclear still is whether the two militants , who sneaked into the Red Fort last Friday and killed three persons , including two soldiers , had a bigger agenda . Was their mission foiled by these intruders on their path ? Perhaps they could have come with a bigger agenda to create panic in the national capital . But their brazen entry into the Red Fort and the gunning down of three persons were a clear signal to the Centre and meant a lapse in security as well as intelligence . . . The Delhi police have claimed a breakthrough in this case , with an encounter reported at Jamianagar in South Delhi in the wee hours of Tuesday . One Pakistan national has been killed and another taken into custody , the authorities declaring both of them members of the Lashkar-e-Taiba . Following up on the weapons left behind by the militants at Vijay Ghat , the police raided a residence in Jamianagar , where these two militants were holed up . It is not certain yet whether they were the militants actually involved in the storming of the Red Fort or were only associates in the plot . Only a thoroughgoing investigation can provide insights into this daring operation . One thing is clear . The security and intelligence agencies have not yet learnt their lessons . Despite the Kargil affair and the Subrahmanyam committee report , there is just no coordination among the various agencies . It is perhaps the worst in Delhi , where the defence services function independently , the Intelligence Bureau and the RAW have their own show and the Delhi police watch helplessly until they are called in to take up the investigation . They could not enter the Navy Chief 's residence or the Red Fort , until the Navy and the Army took their time to conduct their own inquiry . . . The car bomb explosion outside the highly-guarded 15 Corps headquarters in Srinagar comes barely eight months after an attack in the same area . Two Pakistan-based militant outfits have claimed responsibility for this explosion , but it is still not clear whether there was a suicide bomber in the car or whether it was blown up with a remote-controlled device . Whatever the impact or whoever caused it , the message is the same - a bid to defeat the ceasefire and abort the nascent peace process . If the Centre remains committed to pursuing peace , it must ignore these attempts and focus on strengthening both security and intelligence . Protecting monuments and symbols of India 's power like the Red Fort must figure high on the Government 's priority . It is equally important to shore up security in all defence installations and headquarters . There are bound to be more challenges to the peace initiative . The Republic Day is round the corner . It may not be possible to thwart every militant attempt , but it is about time that the revamp of the security and intelligence agencies was taken up seriously by the Centre . The Group of Ministers , reviewing the Subrahmanyam committee report , must decide quickly and get into the action mode .