Terrorism ' has become a global industry . It appears to work like a multinational corporation with branches , local offices around the world . This industry has no accountability to society . . . The attacks in Mumbai , Bangalore , Srinagar , Delhi , Varanasi etc in India and in London , Madrid , Beslan , New York , Lebanon , Iraq appear to be executed with planned precision , coordinated by global bosses , sitting in Pakistan or Afghanistan or Europe or the USA or God knows where . . . Tuesday 's well-coordinated Mumbai blasts -LRB- termed ' 7/11 ' -RRB- were targeted to disrupt the main commercial hub of India 's resurgent economy , which houses the nation 's central bank , major financial institutions , major stock exchanges , big corporate houses like Tata , Birla , Reliance ; major public sector units , a booming diamond trade ; wholesale trade and a big part of the IT industry , and can be termed as the engine of the Indian economy . . . The bombs strategically targetted the local trains : the transport lifeline of Mumbai . All the blasts were in the first class compartments which carry middle and senior management of corporations , banks and government , apart from owner-managers from various markets . Thus , the target-segment was chosen carefully to break the middle layer of the industrial hierarchy and create terror . Until now , this class was never targeted . . . Just a few months ago , terrorists could penetrate the Indian Institute of Science , a major institution of technical excellence in Bangalore , India 's information technology hub . Last week , a plot to blow up tunnels between Manhattan and New Jersey in the United States was discovered and defused . . . Terrorism is here to stay , whether we like or not . . . Intelligence . . Many people start describing it as an intelligence failure . This can not be blindly termed as an intelligence failure . In any city like Mumbai , with over 15 million people , it is impossible to provide total security . Even city-States like Singapore and Dubai -- with far less population and ` Big Brother-is-watching ' capabilities -- can not have a 100 per cent incident/crime-free environment . . . There are many soft targets in any city like Mumbai , London , New York , Tokyo , Paris . The success of intelligence is rarely known , only when some major haul of arms or drugs is made is there a whiff of it . Else , the success is always unsung . Similarly , successes in security prevention are not known at all . Only the breaches are known . . . In TQM/QA -LRB- Total Quality Management/Quality Analysis -RRB- terms , if we say that 93 per cent of probable incidents are prevented and 7 per cent leads to real incidents , we can say intelligence has three-sigma quality accuracy . . . This 7 per cent apparently looks quite high . Four-sigma intelligence quality will make it 99.4 per cent and 0.6 per cent . I believe , the intelligence quality may lie somewhere between 3.5 sigma and 4 sigma . At less than this mark , we would have seen many more such horrible incidents . . . IT infrastructure could be the next target . . If the methods used by terrorist since 1993 till 2006 are analysed , one can see the trend that the attacks are becoming more sophisticated with precisely defined targets using the same old tools . The arrests of some terrorists in the recent past revealed that terrorists are recruiting people trained in engineering , science , medicine and management . . . A lot of technical and managerial knowledge is flowing in to the terror industry . It seems clear that at least the planning process is done by technical and managerial educated minds . . . In this scenario , the risk is very high that IT infrastructure and IT assets may be targetted in the future . This is one of the softest targets today , which can create maximum damage . . . Today , the application and implementation of IT controls many business processes of social and national strategic importance -- power , communication , railways , transport , oil , manufacturing , banking , services , government-business , etc. . The security of these IT assets and IT infrastructure is far lower compared to the security of normal physical assets/infrastructure . Hackers , perpetrators , computer-criminals easily break into IT assets and create news . . . There are many methods available for terrorists to break into this IT infrastructure / IT assets . I can discuss a number of these . But the irony is that this discussion of methods apart from creating awareness among masses , will also help terrorist get ideas . I refrain from discussing these methods as a better and socially secure option . . . Thus , it is the duty of all concerned business-process owners , whether in government or industry or utilities , to ascertain that their IT assets and infrastructure are reasonably secure . . . Security is not a one-time event . Security is a continuous process . Security is constant vigilance . Security is an ongoing fight between evil and our-protection-from-evil . . . Evil always finds new ways to attack us . So it is our duty to keep a constant vigil and keep upgrading the methods and technology of securing ourselves . Especially , when the threat is apparent and looming large on the horizon . . . The spirit of Mumbai . . Today , Mumbai is back to business . People suffered a lot on Tuesday evening , but only after 12 to 15 hours they are back to their duties/business without any fear , travelling in the same crowded trains . This is the spirit of Mumbai . Terrorists can explode bombs in trains or even at strategic locations , but they can not break the Mumbai spirit . . . This spirit is sufficient to frustrate the evil design of terror-mongers . They can draw satisfaction from material damage but they are unable to break the moral , courage and spirit of Mumbaikars . . . Despite the jamming of all telecommunication and transportation hurdles on Tuesday evening , Mumbaikars rose to the occasion . They helped each other ; passed well-being messages through incoming STD calls ; provided food , water and shelter to stranded fellow Mumbaikars ; donated blood ; helped the administration in traffic control and at blast sites . . . Jamming the communications networks was required so that terrorists could not use mobile phones for more blasts or to communicate amongst themselves for escape . . . We need to fight the challenge thrown by the terrorism industry to civilised humankind by systematically/professionally securing ourselves individually and collectively : by being vigilant , by monitoring all the happenings around us , and with a large dose of that Mumbai spirit . . . . . Mumbai suburban train blasts : Complete Coverage . . Rakesh Goyal is director general , Centre for Research and Prevention of Computer Crimes . .