An MBBS student of a college at Sylhet in Bangladesh , Wasim Akram Malik , accused of plotting the Delhi High Court blast on September 7 , 2011 , was allegedly inspired by books and texts on the late al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden and the Taliban 's spiritual leader Mullah Omar he read on the Internet . Wasim had also read a lot about Ayman al-Zawahiri , an Egyptian doctor and current leader of the al-Qaeda . Being a doctor himself , Wasim identified with him and eulogised his contribution towards jihad . Jihad , he believed , was a means of revolution , which , if done with dedication , shall definitely bring about a change in the lives of the Kashmiri population , the National Investigation Agency said in a statement . The agency alleged that Wasim reached Delhi in the end of June 2011 and after reconnaissance of the Delhi High Court area chose to target Gate No : 5 to inflict maximum fatalities in an IED attack . After reaching Kishtwar in July , he contacted three Hizb-ul-Mujahideen militants his brother Junaid Akram Malik , Amir Kamal , and Chota Hafiz . He exhorted and instigated them to think big ' and beyond Kishtwar and J&K . ' He fully convinced them about the seriousness and gravity of his plan and his commitment towards jihad , the NIA said . During a meeting in the second week of July , the three Hizb-ul operatives approved Wasim 's plan of a terror strike at the Delhi High Court . Wasim insisted on highlighting the action in the national and international arena and the need for deploying non-Kashmiri looking boys for executing this task in Delhi . The responsibility of arranging non-Kashmiri boys and getting an IED fabricated was taken by Amir Kamal and Chota Hafiz . Wasim admitted that he sent the email to media houses claiming responsibility for the bomb blast . Jihadi project In the third week of July , Wasim directed accused Amir Abbas Dev to look for a confident person with good knowledge of computer and Internet and motivate him for undertaking an important Jihadi ' project . This person was to send the email to media houses . Thereafter , Wasim purportedly left Jammu for Bangladesh via Delhi on July 29 . On September 2 , the three Hizb-ul men allegedly introduced Abu Saifulla and Abu Bilal to Wasim as militants from Pakistan who had been arranged for carrying out the bomb blast . During this meeting , they allegedly planned to explode the IED on September 7 , a Wednesday , as Wednesdays are Public Interest Litigation ( PIL ) days at the High Court and consequently attract more litigants . On September 4 , Wasim and Dev allegedly dropped the two Pakistani militants at a bus stand at Kishtwar . The duo was supposed to proceed to Kud , where Junaid would allegedly hand over the briefcase containing the IED . The next day , Wasim allegedly met Dev again at Kishtwar and passed on the email message . Wasim instructed Dev to tell Abid Hussain Bhawani to keep watching TV news channels on September 7 , and to send the email a few hours after hearing the news about the bomb blast . Abid Hussain Bhwani followed the instructions of Amir Abbas Dev and sent the email as planned earlier , the statement said . OPEN