MUMBAI : In a twist to the Pune serial blasts case , Maharashtra home minister R R Patil on Thursday said the Pune police commissioner had received an anonymous letter a few days ago , warning that the death of Qateel Siddiqui in police custody would be avenged . The police had identified Qateel as an Indian Mujahideen operative allegedly involved in several terror cases , including the German Bakery blast and the Bangalore terror attack . He was strangled to death by his two inmates at the Yerawada jail in Pune in June . ' A letter , written in Marathi , indicating that Qateel 's death had become a major flashpoint , was received by the Pune police , ' Patil said , adding , ` According to preliminary reports , ammonium nitrate was used . But the department is awaiting a detailed report from the forensic laboratory on this . ' Although the letter is anonymous , the investigating team is looking into its source . ATS and crime branch teams have formed to probe the blast case . Besides the anonymous letter , all other possible angles , too , are being scanned by the investigating team . Minister of state for home Satej Patil said , ` Electronic timer and square batteries were used in explosives . ' The investigating agencies are also trying to find out how Dayanand Patil came in contact with the bomb . CCTV footage , which is available , is being scanned by the investigating team . With the festival season to begin soon , the state government held a high-level internal security meeting in Mantralaya . ` In the meeting , the law and order situation , especially security arrangements in Mumbai , Pune , Thane and other metros ahead of festivals like Dahi-Handi , Id and Ganeshotsav , were reviewed , ' said a senior home department official . ` Even coastal security was discussed in the meeting , ' the official added . Newly appointed director general of police -LRB- DGP -RRB- , Sanjeev Dayal , briefed chief minister Prithviraj Chavan about the Pune blast and the law and order situation in the state , it is learnt .