FARIDABAD : Two persons have been detained for questioning by Faridabad Police in connection with a call allegedly made to Delhi Police on Friday , saying that the capital will witness another blast . -LRB- Watch -RRB- The two men were detained on Saturday night after Delhi was hit by a bomb blast in Mehrauli area in which three people have succumbed to their injuries and 23 others have been wounded , a Faridabad Police officer said on Sunday . He said the call was traced to a cell phone belonging to man from Aligarh in Uttar Pradesh , who had allegedly made the call to Delhi Police on Friday evening . The man , who had made the call from the vicinity of a mobile phone tower in Mohan Nagar area , had stated ` Delhi bachaloh , blast hoga ' -LRB- Save Delhi , there will be blast -RRB- , he said . The man had allegedly purchased the SIM card from a shopowner in Bhikam Colony in Ballabgarh area , the police officer said , adding that the two have been detained for questioning and that they have not yet been arrested.On Saturday , a crude bomb exploded at a crowded flower market at Mehrauli , south Delhi , close to the historic Qutub Minar , at 2.05 pm . -LRB- Watch -RRB- A nine-year-old boy , who innocently picked up a black polythene bag containing a tiffin box bomb , was killed on the spot as it exploded in his face.One of the injured -- a 60-year-old unidentified man whose cervical was badly fractured -- succumbed at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences late in the evening , AIIMS sources said.Police have ruled out the involvement of the Indian Mujahideen -LRB- IM -RRB- . Six people were detained in connection with the blast as security was stepped up in the capital . Delhi Police was not willing to confirm that it had received warning of a strike from an anonymous caller in Faridabad or that it had received an email to that effect on September 24 . According to eyewitnesses , the electronic goods market was packed with shoppers when a black Pulsar motorbike went through the narrow lane intent on its deadly business . It had two helmeted riders , who dropped the polythene bag with its deadly payload in the middle of the road , in front of a shop , Anisha Electronics . -LRB- Watch -RRB- Out on an errand , the nine-year-old boy , Santosh , thought the men had unknowingly dropped the bag . In a heartbreaking act of kindness to strangers , Santosh rushed to pick it up , running after them as he shouted for them to stop . It was then that white smoke began to pour out of the bag . The little boy dropped it , but too late to save his own life.This happened around 2.05 pm . The victims were rushed to AIIMS and Fortis hospitals , where 10 of them are reported to be critical while others are out of danger , said hospital sources.Police said that the blast appeared to be similar in nature to the ones that took place near IIT and Lado Sarai in January , February this year . A team of National Security Guard -LRB- NSG -RRB- reached the spot with sniffer dogs and was examining the blast site . A team of forensic experts have also reached the spot . The national capital has been put on high alert . The explosion comes exactly two weeks after the serial blasts in Delhi , in which about two dozen people were killed . Ammonium Nitrate in little quantity along with Sulphar and Potassium was used in Saturday 's blast in South Delhi 's Mehrauli area that killed two people and left nearly two dozen people injured . Officials said loosely packed Ammonium Nitrate with one-and-a-half inch nails , which acted as shrapnels leading to injuries , was used in the blast with quantity of Sulphur used to create the dark smoke . Potassium was used as the triggering mechanism as this material burns due to friction and contact with air . The packing of explosive was very loose thus making it a low-intensity explosion . Ammonium Nitrate was used in the five serial blasts that shook the national capital on September 13 , leaving 24 people dead and many others injured . In order to restrict sale of Ammonium Nitrate , used extensively by terror groups to strike in various parts of the country , the government had ` in-principle ' approved for amendment of the Explosives Substances Act to include it . . . The in-principle approval was given at a special cabinet meeting chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh last week . The chemical was believed to have been used in recent series of explosions in Bangalore , Ahmedabad and Delhi and in many earlier blasts including the serial train blasts in Mumbai , Malegaon and Mecca Masjid blasts . Security agencies have long been pressing for bringing a strong controlling regime to check misuse of the chemical especially in Naxal-affected states . The bomb was planted by two motorcycle-borne youth in their early 30 's , Joint Commissioner of Delhi Police -LRB- Southern Range -RRB- Ajay Kashyap said . ` The two youth were in black dress , were wearing black helmets and riding a black Bajaj Pulsar . So it has not been possible for the eye witnesses to identify them , ' he told reporters hours after the blast . Kashyap said the Delhi Police was in touch with the Gurgaon Police as the blast site was located near the city . ` We have also issued a look out notice , ' he said .