At least six persons were injured in bomb blasts in Godhra and Ahmedabad this evening . Police said four persons were severely injured when a powerful bomb went off in a State road transport bus at the Godhra terminus this evening . The bomb exploded soon after the bus , coming from a nearby village , was parked at the terminus . Four persons standing nearby were hit by splinters . The condition of three of the injured is stated to be critical . . . Police said the blast could have caused more casualties if the bomb had gone off 30 minutes later , when thousands of people were expected to assemble in the adjacent ground for the ` Ravan-dahan '' celebrations on Dussehra . . . In Ahmedabad , two persons were injured in a blast while scraps were being loaded in a truck at a scrap market in the Dani Limda locality . The bomb apparently came with the scrap materials , but police could not say if it was planted intentionally . Both the injured have been declared out of danger . . . Incidentally , the bomb blasts took place a day after a section of the minorities observed a ` bandh '' in various parts of Gujarat , protesting against the remarks by an American preacher against Islam . . . Meanwhile , the Ahmedabad City Sessions Court has filed chargesheets against 23 accused in the Gulmarg Society incident of Chamanpura locality on February 28 , in which more than 30 persons , including the former Congress member of the Lok Sabha , Ehsan Jafri , were burnt alive . . . The charges against the accused include unlawful assembly , looting , rape , arson and murder . Framing the chargesheets , the Additional Sessions Judge , B. N. Jani , observed that the accused had gathered outside the Society with the intention of murdering Muslims , in the aftermath of the Godhra train carnage . The accused were also charged with raising provocative slogans and instigating a mob of about 20,000 people to attack the residential colony and set people afire . A specific charge of rape was framed against a person , Prabhudas Mochi . The court held that at least two women were raped in Gulmarg Society . . . It was the first chargesheet filed in the Gulmarg Society case . The chargesheets in the other heinous crime in Naroda-Patiya locality on the same day was filed earlier . More than 120 people were burnt alive in the two incidents in Ahmedabad on the ` Gujarat bandh '' day called by the Vishwa Hindu Parishad to protest against the Godhra carnage .