The bombs were detonated today on a sandy stretch a little away from Burdwan town.Burdwan : The West Bengal police 's handling of the initial investigation into the October 2 blast in Burdwan might have allowed at least three dozen people possibly connected with the explosion that killed two people , to escape to Bangladesh , say sources in the National Investigation Agency or NIA , which now has charge of the investigation . -LRB- Burdwan Blast Case : 30 Grenades Found From House Sealed by Bengal Police -RRB- The sources said the local police had failed to make much headway in the case even after the arrest of three prime suspects in the case . This despite the fact that the Bengal police had also recovered a pen drive from a house in the area , that had a recording of an instructor explaining in Urdu and Bangla how to make bombs , improvised explosive devices and hand grenades . -LRB- Burdwan Blast : National Investigation Agency Team Visits Madrasa -RRB- The pen drive has now been handed over to the NIA , which has , since it began its investigation on Sunday , also reportedly found material suggesting that an abandoned madrasa may have been used as a hub by people linked to the Burdwan blast to make bombs that were exported to Bangladesh . On Thursday , the NIA found more than 30 IEDs in the toilet of a house near the blast site - one that was searched and sealed by the state police eight days ago . The Bengal police had raided the house on October 8 after questioning the two women arrested in the case and found it vacant . -LRB- National Investigation Agency Files Complaint in Burdwan Blast Case -RRB- But yesterday , sniffer dogs of the NIA and the elite National Security Guards or NSG found the bombs , which were detonated today on a sandy stretch a little away from Burdwan town . The NIA reportedly estimates that about 36 people allegedly associated with the manufacturing of bombs and hand grenades should have been in apprehended , among them terror masterminds . But the local police did not even raid the madarsa , which came under the scanner after the two women arrested for the Burdwan blast allegedly admitted their links with it . The opposition in the state , including the BJP that rules at the Centre , has alleged that the state police are hiding evidence at the behest of the ruling Mamata Banerjee-led Trinamool Congress , which had vehemently opposed handing the case over to the NIA . The Trinamool has lashed back , saying the party has full confidence in the state police . In a recent Facebook post , Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee did not mention the Burdwan blast directly or the deployment of NIA , but accused the Centre of violating the federal structure of the country . -LRB- BJP 's Arrogance , Conduct Reminiscent of Emergency Days : Mamata Banerjee -RRB- .