PATNA/NEW DELHI : Tehsin Akhtar alias Monu , Indian Mujahideen 's new commander , masterminded the bomb attack on Narendra Modi 's crowded rally to kill women and children in large numbers by setting off a stampede , and was present at Gandhi Maidan to supervise the bombers as they ringed the rally ground with explosives . This was revealed by IM operative Imtiaz Ansari who was fortuitously arrested with explosives and has since provided vital leads on the bombers and the terror plot . ` Hamara uddeshya tha aatank faile aur bhag daur main kafi sankhya mein mahilayen aur bachche maren -LRB- Our objective was to trigger fear so that many women and children get killed in the resultant rush -RRB- , ' Imtiaz was quoted as saying in the FIR registered by Patna Police . ` Muzaffarnagar mein bahut Muslim maare gaye hain , aur tum sirf namaz hi padhte raho -LRB- Many Muslims got killed in Muzaffarnagar and all that you people do is to offer namaz -RRB- , ' Tehsin exhorted his associates , according to Imtiaz . This was noted in the FIR . The incendiary exhortation of Tehsin , who used the alias of Memon for the Patna attack , had the desired effect with Imtiaz and others getting motivated to carry out a spectacular attack . ` Yeh sun kar yeh bhi uttejit hue aur koi bada kaam karne ka tay hua , ' the FIR said . Sources also quoted Imtiaz acknowledging the involvement of Tehsin , a resident of Samastipur district in Bihar , in the serial bomb blasts on Mahabodhi temple in Bodh Gaya in July : a terror attack scripted in retaliation against the alleged killings of Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar . Besides Imtiaz 's statement , Tehsin 's involvement in Bodh Gaya attack is indicated also by the use of the same brand of clocks , Lotus , which is manufactured at Morvi in Gujarat 's Rajkot district , in both the serial blasts . Sources in Bihar Police confirmed to TOI that Tehsin , who is wanted for multiple terror blasts , was recently spotted in the state , adding that a massive manhunt has been launched for the fugitive jihadi . ` His photographs have been circulated among authorities in districts and posts of the Shashatra Seema Bal , the paramilitary force which guards the border with Nepal , ' a source said . In its FIR , Patna Police identified other members of the group as Tariq alias Ainul who suffered life-threatening injuries while planting bombs at the railway station , Taufiq , Nauman and Hyder alias Abdullah . It cited Imtiaz 's testimony to say that Tehsin started instigating the group to carry out the serial blasts since Monday . The group split into three batches of two each , and took different buses of Priyanshu Travels to reach Patna on the morning of Sunday when the rally was scheduled . Imtiaz and Tariq were to plant bombs at the railway station to strike those arriving for the rally , before reuniting with the others at Gandhi Maidan . However , one of the IEDs exploded when Tariq was planting them . The explosion brought many policemen to the station and one of the constables nabbed Imtiaz when he was trying to escape . Imtiaz 's interrogation helped police establish the identity of others involved in the attack , including Tehsin , who is wanted for the 2011 triple blasts in Mumbai , Pune blasts in 2012 and Hyderabad blasts in 2013 and appears to have taken over the leadership of IM after the arrest of Yasin Bhatkal in August . Yasin 's arrest and the details he provided about his accomplices should have led cops to Tehsin and another IM terrorist , Pakistani national Waqas , from their hideout in Mangalore . However , after the arrest started playing on TV news , the two abandoned their Mangalore flat leaving behind several bomb-making material . A leading member of IM 's Darbhanga module , he has set up a network which stretches from Darbhanga , Madhubani , Sitamarhi and Samastipur in northern Bihar to Aurangabad and Gaya in central Bihar .