LONDON , DEC. 30 . Britain has launched an investigation to find out whether a man from Birmingham had carried out a suicide bomb attack in Srinagar on Christmas day killing at least nine people including , six Indian troops . `` The British Foreign and Commonwealth Office is in touch with the Indian police authorities in Srinagar through the British High Commission in New Delhi to confirm the report , '' an FCO spokesman said on Friday night . He said they were unable to confirm the details of the dead man , but were liaisoning with the Indian authorities . Media reports prominently claimed here that a `` bomber from Birmingham '' , 24-year-old Mohammed Bilal , operating under the name , Abdullah Bhai , rammed into a security post with a Maruti-load of explosives in Srinagar , killing himself and six Indian soldiers . Three Kashmiri students returning home to celebrate Eid-ul-Fitr were also killed in the blast . `` Abdullah Bhai was named by Jaish-e-Mohammed , a Kashmiri militant group . We are in touch with the Indian police and are waiting for the results of their investigation . It is for the Indian police to investigate , '' the spokesman said . Referring to the proposed Anti-terrorism Act that might come into force from February 2001 , the spokesman said the U.K. Government was serious in curbing terrorism and that was why it was expanding the scope of terrorism laws and will punish those who incite terrorism `` wholly or partly '' outside Britain . The Terrorism Act 2000 would also take stock of weapons training and recruitment in Britain for terrorism purposes abroad , he said . The Times quoting Jaish-e - Mohammed , had reported that a British student was responsible for the bomb attack . The daily even published an image of a headline in Zarb-I-Momin , the Jaish newspaper , saying `` commander Bilal wreaked havoc in an Indian army headquarters through his daring attack . '' According to the report , Bilal was born into a Pakistani family in Birmingham and grew up into a night club - going lad until he became a `` born-again Muslim '' at 18 after `` seeing the prophet Mohammad in a dream . '' Meanwhile , the London-based Muslim group Al Muhajiroun , known as the `` voice , the eyes and the ears of the Muslims '' claimed that a British student from Birmingham was the suicide bomber . Sheikh Omar Bakri-Muhammad , group founder and judge of the Islamic court of the U.K. claimed that about 1,800 British Muslims took part in `` military service '' each year . `` We believe in a worldwide Islamic order and we recruit people at debates and talks at university campuses and mosques throughout the U.K. . We then invite them for a meal and a talk and explain the situation of Muslims worldwide and then recruit them , '' he said . `` They voluntarily agree to get military education in the homeland and when they have fully affiliated themselves both mentally and physically they migrate permanently or stay in this country to engage themselves in creating ideological and political change , '' he added . - PTI . . LONDON , DEC. 30 . Britain has launched an investigation to find out whether a man from Birmingham had carried out a suicide bomb attack in Srinagar on Christmas day killing at least nine people including , six Indian troops . `` The British Foreign and Commonwealth Office is in touch with the Indian police authorities in Srinagar through the British High Commission in New Delhi to confirm the report , '' an FCO spokesman said on Friday night . . . He said they were unable to confirm the details of the dead man , but were liaisoning with the Indian authorities . . . Media reports prominently claimed here that a `` bomber from Birmingham '' , 24-year-old Mohammed Bilal , operating under the name , Abdullah Bhai , rammed into a security post with a Maruti-load of explosives in Srinagar , killing himself and six Indian soldiers . Three Kashmiri students returning home to celebrate Eid-ul-Fitr were also killed in the blast . . . `` Abdullah Bhai was named by Jaish-e-Mohammed , a Kashmiri militant group . We are in touch with the Indian police and are waiting for the results of their investigation . It is for the Indian police to investigate , '' the spokesman said . . . Referring to the proposed Anti-terrorism Act that might come into force from February 2001 , the spokesman said the U.K. Government was serious in curbing terrorism and that was why it was expanding the scope of terrorism laws and will punish those who incite terrorism `` wholly or partly '' outside Britain . The Terrorism Act 2000 would also take stock of weapons training and recruitment in Britain for terrorism purposes abroad , he said . . . The Times quoting Jaish-e - Mohammed , had reported that a British student was responsible for the bomb attack . . . The daily even published an image of a headline in Zarb-I-Momin , the Jaish newspaper , saying `` commander Bilal wreaked havoc in an Indian army headquarters through his daring attack . '' . . According to the report , Bilal was born into a Pakistani family in Birmingham and grew up into a night club - going lad until he became a `` born-again Muslim '' at 18 after `` seeing the prophet Mohammad in a dream . '' . . Meanwhile , the London-based Muslim group Al Muhajiroun , known as the `` voice , the eyes and the ears of the Muslims '' claimed that a British student from Birmingham was the suicide bomber . . . Sheikh Omar Bakri-Muhammad , group founder and judge of the Islamic court of the U.K. claimed that about 1,800 British Muslims took part in `` military service '' each year . `` We believe in a worldwide Islamic order and we recruit people at debates and talks at university campuses and mosques throughout the U.K. . We then invite them for a meal and a talk and explain the situation of Muslims worldwide and then recruit them , '' he said . . . `` They voluntarily agree to get military education in the homeland and when they have fully affiliated themselves both mentally and physically they migrate permanently or stay in this country to engage themselves in creating ideological and political change , '' he added . . . - PTI .