MUMBAI : The country 's premier anti-terror agency is set to file a chargesheet against four ultra-right Hindu activists for carrying out the 2006 Malegaon blasts . The National Investigation Agency 's -LRB- NIA -RRB- probe has knocked the bottom off the Maharashtra anti-terrorism squad 's -LRB- ATS -RRB- case that members of the banned Students Islamic Movement of India -LRB- SIMI -RRB- had carried out the attack . The chargesheet is expected to be filed any time this week . The blasts in the textile town on September 8 , 2006 , when people had gathered to observe the Shab-e-Baraat , had killed 37 people and injured 297 . The NIA , which started the probe in April 2011 on the Union home ministry 's orders , has so far arrested four people Dhan Singh , Lokesh Sharma , Manohar Singh and Rajendra Chaudhary for the blasts . Three others , Sandeep Dange , Ramji Kalsangra and Raj Mehul , are wanted in the case . The agency says Chaudhary , Dhan Singh , Manohar Singh and Kalsangra planted the bombs . A senior NIA official in Delhi refused to give more details citing the sensitivity of the case . Sharma , who is also an accused in the Samjhauta Express blast in 2007 , and Chaudhary were members of the Bajrang Dal . ` There can not be two sets of accused in one crime , ' said an NIA officer , adding the agency was examining if there was a larger conspiracy involved . Another officer said the agency might ask the court to dismiss the charges against the nine people arrested by the ATS . All were granted bail in November 2011 . On Friday , the NIA recorded the statement of Mohammed Atif , a prime witness in the case . The ATS had said Atif had witnessed the attackers making the bomb and later hid in the godown of one of the accused . Atif later told a court in his hometown in Uttar Pradesh that he was forced to give the statement . The NIA says the decision to bomb the textile town was taken by senior members of the right-wing Hindu module , including former RSS pracharak Sunil Joshi , who was later murdered allegedly by his own accomplices ; Kalsangra ; and Dange . Kalsangra and Sharma were tasked with the execution , and they asked Chaudhary , Dhan Singh and Manohar Singh to plant the bombs . The agency says the team first recced Malegaon to identify targets . On the day of the blasts , Sharma drove the team to Malegaon , where Kalsangra gave them the RDX explosive and also clothes to disguise themselves as pious Muslims . Kalsangra accompanied Dhan Singh , Manohar Singh and Chaudhary to place the bombs on bicycles at spots near the Hamidiya mosque at Bada Qabristan where many people had gathered . Sharma then drove them back to Indore . The ATS led by then joint commissioner K P Raghuvanshi and DIG Subodh Jaiswal filed a chargesheet in the case on December 21 the same year . It had taken just 54 days to file the chargesheet ; usually it can take up to 180 days in such cases . The Central Bureau of Investigation , after its own probe , had endorsed the ATS findings . The NIA , set up in 2009 , post the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks , can deal with terror-related crimes without any special permission from state governments . The agency focused on Hindu right-wing groups after a confession by Swami Aseemanand , arrested in the 2007 Hyderabad Mecca Masjid bomb blast case , it told the court last November . The agency has a Rs 10 lakh reward for Kalsangra and Dange . Malegaon had seen another attack in 2008 allegedly by right-wing Hindu groups . Sadhvi Pragya Singh and former Lt Col Srikant Purohit were later arrested in connection with that attack . ATS 's claims in 2006 * Blasts were carried out by Muslim youths in an attempt to spark communal riots * The RDX for the bombs came from Pakistan and a Pakistani national , Muzammil , assembled them in Malegaon * A bomb each was planted by accused Noor-ul-Huda , Raees Ali and Abrar Ahmed * Zahid Majeed , an imam from Yavatmal , planted a bomb and returned the same day . -LRB- About 250 Yavatmal residents filed affidavits , saying Majeed was in the town at the time -RRB- * Shabbir Masiullah , a battery shop owner , was part of the conspiracy . -LRB- At the time of the blasts , he was in the custody of the Mumbai crime branch in another case -RRB- NIA claims * The RDX was procured in India . The explosives were allegedly planted by Dhan Singh , Rajender Chaudhary , Ramji Kalsangra and Manohar Singh . Dhan Singh also connected with the Samjhauta Express and 2008 Malegaon blasts * Another Samjhauta blast accused , Lokesh Sharma , provided logistical support * The blasts were plotted by former RSS pracharak Sunil Joshi , Kalsangra , Sandeep Dange , and others . Kalsangra and Sharma tasked with the execution * Chaudhary , Dhan Singh and Manohar Singh recced Malegaon to identify the targets Legal Angle Prominent criminal lawyer Majeed Memon , who represented several 1993 bomb blast accused in court , said two ideologically diagonally opposite groups can not be responsible for a particular terror attack . Truth can not have two faces . ` The NIA has to necessarily discharge the earlier set of boys in this case , who were wrongly believed to be involved . ' .