National Students take to the streets . . By Our Special Correspondent . . GUWAHATI , AUG. 17 . School children in Assam took to the streets throughout the State today to join the widespread protest by intellectuals , artists , senior citizens , students ' organisations and political parties against the killing of 16 school children , in a bomb attack by the banned United Liberation Front of Asom in Dhemaji district on Independence Day . . . Hundreds of students assembled this morning in the four main public grounds of the city displaying banners with slogans condemning the dastardly attack by the ULFA inscribed on them . . . The State units of the Students ' Federation of India and the Communist Party of India -LRB- Marxist -RRB- took out separate protest rallies through the main thoroughfares condemning the bomb attack and protesting the Government 's failure to protect the lives of the State 's people . . . Assam bandh today . . The protests came amid the ULFA owning responsibility for the blast and the All-Assam Students ' Union calling for a 12-hour Assam bandh tomorrow to protest the killing . The AASU has demanded the resignation of the Chief Minister , Tarun Gogoi . . . In a separate statement , the State unit of the Communist Party of India -LRB- Marxist -RRB- called for a 12-hour Assam bandh tomorrow in protest against the bomb attack , and to protest the State Government 's failure to protect the lives and property of the general public . . . It also called for building up a strong public opinion against ` insurgent violence . ' . . Government attacked . . The Asom Gana Parishad president , Brindaban Goswami , and other senior AGP leaders who met the bereaved family members said that Tarun Gogoi Government had lost the ` moral right ' to continue in office for its failure to protect the lives and property of the people despite intelligence agencies forewarning about a possible militants ' attack . . . Gogoi visits Dhemaji . . Earlier , in the day , Mr. Gogoi and the Governor , Lt. Gen. -LRB- retd . -RRB- Ajai Singh , visited Dhemaji today and met the families of the deceased children to express their condolences . Mr. Gogoi also visited Dibrugarh to enquire about the condition of the injured at the Dibrugarh Medical College Hospital . . . Late in the evening , Mr. Gogoi announced that the Government had decided to set up libraries in the respective schools in memory of the students killed . . . The Government was also considering the institution of a bravery award for those killed in the blast as they had defied the boycott call given by the ULFA . . . Besides , August 16 would be observed every year as a day of mourning in the State in memory of the deceased children . . . The Government today also enhanced the ex-gratia to the next of kin of those killed in the blast from Rs . 3 lakhs to Rs . 5 lakhs and to the injured from Rs . 50,000 to Rs . 1 lakh . . . Related Stories : COWARDLY ATTACK .