Three days after the triple bomb blasts in Mumbai , investigators are still following up on all leads . '' All agencies the Mumbai Police , the Intelligence Bureau and the National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) are pooling their efforts and resources to scan voluminous forensic evidence and CCTV footage in a bid to achieve a breakthrough . The investigations are being conducted at various levels and span a few States . They are progressing well and painstaking efforts are being taken by all the agencies involved in the probe , '' senior officials of the Union Home Ministry said on Saturday . Even though ammonium nitrate was used in the three blasts on July 13 , traces of TNT were also found . Officials say there was a hallmark of sophistication '' involved in assembling the explosive devices . The Union Home Ministry , concerned over the use of ammonium nitrate , a widely available fertilizer which is also used in the mining industry , is vigorously pushing for amendments to the Explosives Act , 1884 for regulating its use . The new rules proposed have been doing the rounds in several ministries over the past three years . Sources said its use by farmers would be permitted but its storage , movement and procurement would be regulated . Over the past four years , terror organisations have used ammonium nitrate in the serial blasts in Bangalore , Ahmedabad , Varanasi and Jaipur . When mixed with engine oil , gelatine sticks , shrapnel , nuts , and bolts , it can be used as a deadly explosive to cause widespread damage to human life and property . As smuggling in RDX from across the border is increasingly becoming difficult , terrorists have used the fertilizer in assembling explosive devices and blasting them by use of timers , forensic experts say . Its use in terror attacks is not something new . In the attack in Oklahoma City , U.S. , in 1996 and the blasts in Bali , Indonesia , on October 2002 this chemical substance was used . It was banned last summer by the Karzai government in Afghanistan , where the Taliban has used it widely in street bombs . Same fertilizer used in similar strikes in other cities Karzai government banned it last summer OPEN