The Supreme Court 's latest judgment holding that mere membership of a banned organisation does not make a person criminal has come as reprieve for 14 persons languishing in the Central Jail here since their arrest in the aftermath of the May 2008 serial bomb blasts on charges of having links with the outlawed Students ' Islamic Movement of India ( SIMI ) . All 14 accused have been charged with involvement in unlawful activities without any role in the Jaipur blasts . The Anti-Terrorism Squad ( ATS ) of Rajasthan Police claimed that they were rallying support for building a terror network in the State as SIMI members and had attended terror camps organised in the Kota region prior to the blasts . Ironically , none of the 35 witnesses presented so far by the prosecution in the fast track Sessions Court here during the trial supported the ATS theory and the majority have turned hostile . Twenty-five other witnesses are yet to depose and be examined , even as the lawyers of the accused have described the evidence against them as frivolous and concocted . The Supreme Court ruled this past Thursday that mere membership of a banned outfit does not make a person criminal unless he resorts to violence or incites people to violence or creates public disorder by violence or incitement to violence . The Court also cautioned subordinate courts against torture-induced confessions made before the police . Association for Protection of Civil Rights ( APCR ) convener and counsel for two of the accused Paikar Farooq told The Hindu here on Monday that the ATS had not linked the accused with the blasts or charged them with indulging in violence . The case has been slapped merely on the basis of their acquaintance with one Sajid Mansuri , who , the Gujarat Police say , masterminded the Ahmedabad and Jaipur blasts , he said . However , the trial court and the Rajasthan High Court have rejected as many as four bail applications by the accused . The accused , arrested from Kota , Baran and Jodhpur in a crackdown after the Jaipur blasts , have been charged under various sections of the Unlawful Activities ( Prevention ) Act , 1967 , and Sections 153-A ( promoting enmity on ground of religion ) and 120-B ( criminal conspiracy ) of the Indian Penal Code . Except for a list of witnesses provided to the court with the claim that Mansuri had visited the Kota region and addressed meetings which the accused attended , the prosecution has not provided any material as evidence to support its case . Mr. Farooq said while Mansuri had not been made an accused , innocent people picked up in the crackdown were languishing in jail . Delegations of distinguished Muslim citizens from Kota and Baran which met State Home Minister Shanti Kumar Dhariwal here several times in the past few months with the demand for withdrawal of the case returned empty-handed with the Minister refusing to intervene in the matter . Mr. Farooq said the Supreme Court ruling would certainly benefit the accused . Those facing trial are elderly physician Ishaq Qureshi , his son and Unani medicine student Taufeeq , Nazakat Hussain , Amanullah , Mohammed Yunus , Nadim Akhtar , Munawwar Hussain ( from Kota ) ; Mohammed Ilyas ( Baran ) and Mohammed Sohail and Azam ( Jodhpur ) . Another young man , Inamur Rehman ( Madhya Pradesh ) was brought here after his arrest at Jabalpur in November 2009 and arraigned as an accused . Three other accused from Kota Mahdi Hassan , Imran and Atiqur Rehman were taken to the Sabarmati Central Jail in Gujarat while facing charges in connection with the Ahmedabad bombings . The trial in the main case of the Jaipur blasts , in which two of the accused are incarcerated here , is going on in a special court constituted for the purpose . Mr. Farooq pointed out that Justice Manish Bhandari of the Rajasthan High Court had in the first week of December 2010 directed the fast track court to complete the trial within four months . We have raised the issue of the ATS ' failure to prove that any of the arrested men was even a member of SIMI , he said . The lawyer said while one of the accused was so aged and frail that he could not get the membership of a students ' organisation , another was a labourer and had been working with his father fitting tiles in houses since his childhood . The ATS ' claim that such people were SIMI members and they attended training camps is ludicrous . The witnesses presented by the ATS mostly kiosk owners , labourers and daily wage earners retracted their statements made earlier to the police and said in the court that the police had put pressure on them to make the testimony to suit the prosecution . The ATS earlier quoted some of these witnesses as saying that they heard the accused talking about SIMI while sipping tea , said Mr. Farooq . The APCR , which has been closely monitoring the progress of trial in the SIMI case as well as the main case relating to the Jaipur blasts , said the Supreme Court ruling would help innocent people not just in Rajasthan but also in different parts of the country arrested on charges of being members of SIMI even after a countrywide Hindutva terror network has come to light . Accused charged with involvement in unlawful activities without any role in Jaipur blasts Case slapped on basis of acquaintance with alleged mastermind of Ahmedabad , Jaipur blasts OPEN