A string of deadly bombings mainly targeting Shias have killed at least 59 people , aggravating the sectarian divide at a time when Iraq is facing a festering political crisis . At least 30 Shia pilgrims have been killed in the southern city of Nasiriyah , following a suicide bombing , said a Reuters report quoting Qusay al-Abadi , head of the provincial council in the city . The mayhem unleashed at a police checkpoint at Nasiriyah . 300 km south-east of Baghdad followed a series of lethal blasts in the Shia strongholds of Baghdad . In the Iraqi capital , as the rush hour began to build in the early hours on Thursday , a motorcycle strapped with explosives blew up . The powerful blast killed 13 , in an area of the Shia dominated Sadr city , where labourers were waiting to be hired . Shortly afterwards , more lethal explosions rocked the Kadhimiya district , a location that again has a high concentration of Shias . When two car bombs detonated there , 16 people were killed and dozens wounded , said local authorities . Violence has spiralled after Prime Minister Nouri Al Maliki has sought to consolidate power amid a political vacuum that has followed the departure of American forces . A fortnight ago , serial blasts had wreaked havoc in the Iraqi capital , causing 63 deaths the highest number of casualties that the city had suffered in over a year . Thursday 's attacks were finely timed to abrade the frail sentiment of coexistence between the majority Shia and the Sunni community , which historically has exercised power despite its minority status . The deadly strikes preceded the holiday of Arbain , when there is a mass congregation of Shias at the holy shrines to mark the fortieth day of Imam Husain 's passing . Despite the recent spurt in bombings , the country is yet to capsize in a vortex of sectarian violence , though retaliation against the carnage on Thursday may not be far away . The latest attacks are expected to impose fresh pressure on the government of Prime Minister Nouri Al Maliki , who is at the centre of a deep domestic political crisis , which appears to be prolonging . The Iraqi non-Shia parties representing the Sunnis and the Kurds , who mainly reside in northern Iraq , are boycotting Parliament and the Cabinet . They took the unconventional step after terrorism charges had been slapped on Vice-President Tariq Hashemi , a Sunni , who has , as a result gone into hiding in the Kurdish city of Arbil , the capital of a semi-autonomous zone . The government has attributed the surge in attacks to terrorists who wish to drive Iraq into chaos . We are in a battlefield with the terrorists ... and with the enemies of the political process , so we do not consider these -LSB- explosions -RSB- as a surprise for us or something strange . We are used to such -LSB- insurgent -RSB- operations , Qassim al-Moussawi , a government spokesman was quoted as saying . OPEN