The memory refuses to fade away . It is over a month , but the pathetic sight of a young girl dying in his arms keeps flashing in his mind . She breathed her last in my arms as I was shifting her into a bus . I felt wretched , said Shaik Jani Pasha , an RTC driver , as he recalled the scenes from the twin blasts at Dilsukhnagar on February 21 . On the dreadful day , when most ran helter-skelter after the bombs went off , Pasha rushed to the site to help the injured . In fact , it was his initiative that saved many lives . As the blast at Anand tiffin centre ripped through the market , motorcycles flew up in the air , and people fell apart . It was like an action scene from an English movie , and soon bodies were strewn all over , he recalled with a shudder . Even before I could react , another blast occurred at the 107 bus stop . Fire and smoke enveloped the site at Anand tiffin centre , and I ran towards the bus stop . People were injured badly and were crying in shock and pain , Mr. Pasha said . It was his weekly off , and he was having tea at the Dilsukhnagar bus stand when the blasts occurred . Immediately , he called up Malakpet Police Inspector N. Satyanarayana and later Dilsukhnagar RTC Depot Manager Chiranjeevi . I informed them that I was shifting the injured into buses and sending them to hospital . Time was crucial , recalled the 44-year-old . The sight of two children , aged about two years , crying near their mother moved him . He stopped a Metro Express bus and two ordinary buses heading towards Koti and shifted the injured into them . I made sure that all the injured were shifted immediately , and students from nearby hostels also helped me . Thankfully , police ensured that the buses had a clear passage , he said . Meanwhile , Chiranjeevi pointed out that had he waited for an ambulance instead of using the buses , casualties would have been higher . A resident of Kothapet , Mr. Pasha volunteers in organising services at Sai Baba Temple every Thursday . Just days before the blast , police had instructed all pushcart vendors and others near Venkatdri theatre to shift their operations . This saved many lives as there was not much of pedestrian traffic on the fateful day , he reminisced . Lauding Mr. Pashas initiative , APSRTC Vice-Chairman and MD A.K. Khan on Saturday presented him a cash award of Rs . 25,000 and an appreciation letter . Even before I could react , another blast occurred at 107 bus stop . Fire and smoke enveloped the site at Anand tiffin centre . People were injured badly and were crying in shock and pain . Just days before the blast , police had instructed all pushcart vendors near Venkatdri theatre to shift . This saved many lives as there was not much of pedestrian traffic . On the dreadful day , Pasha rushed to the blast sites to help the injured and shifted them to hospital , saving many lives OPEN