( Continued from Page 1 ) But Tundas name cropped up again in 2005 when Abdul Razzak Masood , an alleged LeT chief coordinator in Dubai arrested by the Special Cell , disclosed that he had met Tunda in Lahore in November-December 2003 . He had settled down in the LeT headquarters years ago , married a Pakistani woman , sold perfumes for sustenance and preached at religious and educational institutions , Masood had claimed . Tunda was born in 1943 at Chatta Lal Miya behind Delite Cinema in Daryaganj where his father was in the metal moulding trade . Soon thereafter , the family shifted to its native place at Pilkhuwa in neighbouring Ghaziabad . Tunda initially worked as a carpenter , scrap dealer and cloth merchant . At 40 , he was initiated into terror activities , said Mr. Srivastava . While experimenting with explosives , he lost his left arm and was nicknamed Tunda . Serial bombings The police officer alleged that Tunda was also involved in serial bombings at Lucknow , Panipat and Sonepat in Haryana , Ludhiana , Surat , Gulbarga and Hyderabad . In Mumbai , Tunda befriended Dr. Jalees Ansari and both floated an outfit named Tanzeem Islah-ul-Muslimeen : Islamic Armed Organisation for the Improvement of Muslims . Another top LeT militant , Azam Ghouri , joined the Tanzeem floated by the Ahl-e-Hadis to avenge the Babri Masjid demolition in 1992 , said the officer . After Jalees was arrested by a Central Bureau of Investigation team , led by Neeraj Kumar ( the former Delhi Police Commissioner ) in January 1994 , Tunda escaped to Bangladesh where he set up a base and trained locals . He returned in 1996-98 to mastermind blasts in Delhi and other places , the police say . The most devastating of these explosions was the one inside a crowded private bus in West Delhi in December 1997 . Police claim that Tunda attempted another round of serial blasts before the Commonwealth Games 2010 , but had to abort the plan as some of his men were arrested . He has also been associated with Rohingya operatives -LSB- of Myanmar -RSB- in the past , the officer said . OPEN