New Delhi : The National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) on Friday said the accused persons arrested in the Burdwan blast case and their associates were members of terror group Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen , Bangladesh , who were preparing IEDs for transporting them to that country for possible terror attacks . NIA has said that the accused in the Burdwan blast case were from the Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen . AFP . In a statement issued on Friday night , NIA said it had completed the initial phase of probe in the case pertaining to the bomb blast in a house at Khagragarh village in Burdawan district of West Bengal which indicates the involvement of JMB cadre . Two persons - Shakil Ahmed and Suvon Mandal alias Subhan - both allegedly residents of Bangladesh , were killed while manufacturing IEDs . One person Abdul Hakim alias Hassan was injured and arrested besides three others , including two women . `` Investigation so far has revealed that the accused persons and their associates were the members of Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen , Bangladesh ( JMB ) , a terrorist organisation proscribed in Bangladesh and they were preparing IEDs which were being transported to Bangladesh , '' NIA said in the statement . The agency said it is focussing on the activities of JMB covering all aspects including the funding of terror activities . NIA said it is also considering announcement of cash rewards for any information leading to the arrest of the absconding accused of this case who include JMB members from Bangladesh . NIA Chief Sharad Kumar on Friday visited Burdwan and inspected the scene of the incident and also took stock of the field investigation being conducted by the agency . He visited the house where the blast took place , examined the rooms and went up to the terrace of the building . After spending about 30 minutes there , he went to visit another house at nearby Mathpara on Badsahi Road in Burdwan where 40 improvised hand grenades were found . The NIA Director-General also visited the house which one of the suspected dead terrorists Shakil had rented in Beldanga in Murshidabad . He also went to ` Burqa Ghar ' , apparently a burqa making unit run by Ahmed but suspected to have been used by him as a place to meet other accused persons . Kumar discussed with NIA officers the strategy to locate and apprehend the absconding accused with the officers of the investigating team , after which he said strategies have been worked out to arrest the absconding accused persons . The visit of the NIA DG to Burdwan town came two weeks after the agency took over investigations into the blast at Khagragarh on 2 October . `` I have come to Kolkata to review the investigation into the case . I visited Burdwan and Murshidabad . I had a detailed discussion with my officers . We have evolved strategies regarding arrests of absconding accused persons . I ca n't reveal anything because it will affect the investigation , '' Kumar told reporters on his return to Kolkata after visiting Burdwan and Murshidabad . NIA investigators during a search operation jointly with the Burdwan district police found Improvised Explosive Devices from this house belonging to Rezaul Karim . Three persons , including two women - one of them the widow of a suspected terrorist who died in the blast - were arrested and interrogated by the NIA . The NIA chief later left for Beldanga in Murshidabad district and visited the house which one of the suspected dead terrorists Shakil had rented . He also visited ` Burqa Ghar ' , apparently a burqa making unit run by Ahmed but suspected to have been used by him as a place to meet other accused persons . The NIA team during its investigation over the last few days seized a large number of books and documents , 12 trunks and a car from a madrasa in Burdwan district where the Khagragarh blast accused were suspected to have been radicalised in Jihadi ideology . NIA officers had a few days back with the help of the NSG team detonated the improvised hand grenades , which they had found during investigations . OPEN