NetIndian News Network New Delhi , February 21 , 2010 Two more people today succumbed to injuries they suffered in the powerful bomb blast that devastated a popular eatery in Pune on February 13 , taking the death toll in the terrorist attack to 15 , police said . Pune police officials told NetIndian over the telephone that both persons breathed their last at the Jehangir Hospital in the city this morning , one at 0530 hours and the other at 1130 hours . One of them was identified as Rajeev Nandkumar Agarwal , 23 , who hailed from Kolkata and was a final year student of law at the Symbiosis Law College in Pune . The other victim was identified by the police as Vikas Suresh Tulsiani , 24 , a resident of Pune , who had completed his engineering degree and was looking for a job . Nine people had died and 57 others injured on the day of the blast that was set off by unidentified terrorists at the restaurant , located close to the Osho Ashram and a Jewish Chabad House . Since then , six people , including a Sudanese student , have succumbed to their injuries in hospital . About six of those still undergoing treatment in hospital are said to be in a serious condition . The blast at the `` German Bakery '' in Pune 's Koregaon Park area , frequented by foreigners and youngsters , was the first major terrorist incident in India after the November 26 , 2008 terror attacks in Mumbai , which claimed 166 lives . Four of those killed in the attack on the restaurant were foreigners . Apart from the Sudanese youth , the others were an Iranian youth , an Italian woman and a Nepalese youth who worked as a waiter at the restaurant . Reports from the forensic science laboratory in Pune have stablished that ammonium nitrate , RDX and petroleum had been used in the explosive used by the perpetrators of the attack . Details about how the explosion was triggered , whether by a timer device or by remote conrol , were still not available . The blast occurred around 7.30 pm on February 13 when the restaurant was teeming with youngsters and foreigners . The explosion took place when a waiter noticed an unattended backpack under one of the tables and tried to open it . The Maharashtra Anti-Terrorist Squad ( ATS ) is investigating the case with assistance from officials of the National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) . The Osho Ashram and the Chabad House had both been surveyed by suspected Lashkar-e-Taiba operative David Coleman Headley during one of his visits to India . Headley , a US national of Pakistani origin , and Tahawwur Hussain Rana , also believed to be an LeT operative , were arrested by the United States ' Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) from Chicago in October last year for allegedly conspiring to carry out terrorist attacks in Denmark and India . Subsequent investigations have led the authorities in the US and India to believe that the two men were involved in the conspiracy to carry out the 26/11 attacks in Mumbai . NNN . . .