Ahmedabad : Gujarat Police on Thursday criticised its Bihar counterpart , alleging serious lapses in security measures for Chief Minister Narendra Modi 's rally in Patna , saying that had the Bihar administration heeded its request , perhaps the situation could have been avoided . . . Seven blasts rocked Gandhi Maidan , the venue of Modi 's rally and surrounding areas , leading to the death of six people just before the event on Sunday in Patna . . . `` Rehearsals before the event was not carried out , except for the route rehearsal , '' in-charge Gujarat DGP Pramod Kumar 's office said in a statement issued in Ahmedabad . . . `` Anti-sabotage checking , which is mandatory for public meetings was not conducted properly . Routine security drills such as access control , checking and frisking people attending the rally as well as screening of baggage , were not conducted . It is further reported that a large number of vehicles were parked inside the venue of the rally , '' the statement said . . . `` Senior police officers from Gujarat had requested the Bihar police to conduct a joint Advance Security Liaison ( ASL ) . It was only after great persuasion that Bihar police officers agreed to join the ASL , which was conducted by SP ( Patna City ) , Additional Director ( IB ) and SP ( CM Security ) Gujarat . However , Bihar Police officers , for reasons best known to them , had refused to sign the ASL report and had not taken note of relevant issues mentioned therein , '' it said . . . The ADGP ( Intelligence ) Gujarat had sent a detailed communication to ADGP ( Special Branch ) Bihar about the threat faced by Modi from various terrorist organisations , it said . . . `` The Bihar administration did not respond to this communication and never communicated about issues that may be foreseen in providing foolproof security for VIPs and the venue , '' the statement said . . . The Gujarat police hoped that in future , the central government and its apparatus would impress upon states where such visits take place , to take security concerns seriously and protect the lives of people and VIPs , it said . . . The statement comes after Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar said that he had given instructions to his home department and police to provide maximum security for the BJP rally .