. . Terrorists struck for the first time in Jaipur triggering seven blasts in a span of 12 minutes on Tuesday night in crowded market areas and near a Hanuman temple in the walled city leaving at least 60 killed and 200 injured . . . ` According to the information I have received 60 people have died and 150 have been injured , ' said Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje , who rushed back to the state capital from Jodhpur . . . Bangladesh-based Harkut-ul-Jehadi Islami is suspected to be behind the blasts that has taken the state authorities by surprise , home ministry sources said . The sources ruled out the use of RDX in the carefully orchestrated low-intensity explosions which were suspected to have been set off from cycles in areas including near the famous Hawa Mahal which are frequented by domestic and foreign tourists . The blasts rocked Tripolia Bazar , where large number of devotees turned up at a Hanuman temple , Johari Bazar , Manas Chowk , Badi Choupal and Choti Choupal -- all located within a two-km radius in the old city . Inspector General -LRB- Jaipur -RRB- Pankaj Singh said in all there were seven blasts , a couple of them in the same area . . . Police said one explosive was defused by bomb disposal squad near the Hanuman temple . . . Blood was splattered at the scene of the blasts which tossed some of the victims several feet up in the sky . . . The Centre rushed bomb data squad of the National Security Guards to Jaipur . Rajasthan Director General of Police A S Gill said the blasts were ` obviously a terror attack . ' . . Doctors said many of the victims had shrapnel injuries . They feared that the toll may go up further . . . Rapid Action Force personnel were deployed in Jaipur to help deal with the situation as security was beefed up . One of the blasts took place in a car and another near a handloom shop in Kotwali area of the city , home department sources said . Most of the injured were rushed to Sawai Man Singh hospital . Bodies of several victims lay strewn in the corridors of hospitals . The blasts triggered a near-stampede situation at the blast sites were crammed with peak-hour shoppers and panic-stricken people ran helter skelter in search of safety . The Hanuman temple at Tripolia bazar was crowded with worshippers being a Tuesday . . . Indian Premier League Commisioner Lalit Modi said said the league match scheduled to be played in Jaipur on Saturday will go on as planned.Image : The scene near the blast site at the Hanuman Mandir in ChandpoleReportage : PTI | Photograph : Rajesh KumawatAlso Read : Trapped in Terror 's WakeIndia 's counter-terrorism strategyTerrorism : India 's unending warISI continues to train terror groups : Narayanan ` Most attacks in India by Pak-based terror groups ' A terrorist 's stunning revelationsWomen & kids : The new soldiers of terror .