AGARTALA : Four back-to-back terror strikes in Agartala , the capital of Tripura , which shares a 856-km porous border with Bangladesh , on Wednesday evening left at least four people dead and 76 others injured , several critically , according to hospital sources . The state police confirmed only one death but said the toll was likely to rise . -LRB- Watch -RRB- The first explosion took place around 7.30 pm at the Radhanagar bus stand . Minutes later , there was another blast at Maharajganj Bazar in the heart of the city . The two are about 2 km apart . Two live bombs were found at Motor Stand and Colonel Choumohany near the palace compound.As the injured were being taken to Agartala Government Medical College hospital , another blast rocked GB Bazar , which is on the route of the ambulances taking the injured to the hospital . The fourth blast at 8.15 pm was near Kathiababa Ashram on the outskirts of the state capital . There was a heavy rush of puja shoppers at Radhanagar bus stand , Maharajganj Bazar and GB market , all in the heart of the city.While Tripura has long been a conduit for smuggling and terror merchandise , most violence in the state had been related to insurgencies of tribal groups . But the blasts on Wednesday , security officials said , were likely to be the work of the Bangladesh-based Harkat ul-Jihad-e-Islami -LRB- HuJI -RRB- , a terror group which has been frequently blamed for terror attacks in UP and Hyderabad.Investigators are still probing the possible connection between HuJI and Indian Mujahideen , the SIMI splinter group , which has claimed responsibility for serial blasts in Bangalore , Ahmedabad and Delhi in recent weeks.As in Ahmedabad , Jaipur and Delhi , the news of the blasts triggered citywide panic and all telecommunication links were jammed with people calling to check if their family and friends were safe.Quoting witnesses , police sources said two persons riding a motorcycle were seen moving suspiciously at Radhanagar bus stand . The blast took place there two to three minutes after they left the place . Tripura police chief Pranay Sahay rushed to the sites to monitor the evacuation but refused to go on record on suspects.In recent weeks , there have been reports of Islamic militants using Tripura to enter India from Bangladesh . Reports also said that on September 25 , central intelligence agencies had warned north-eastern states of an impending terror attack and Border Security Force officials in Agartala confirmed having received the input .