HYDERABAD : Andhra Pradesh cops have managed to establish that there 's a clear link between terror elements operating in neighbouring Karnataka and those active in its soil . They are , however , yet to identify them.Based on evidence gathered from the twin blasts in Hyderabad last year and on the interrogation of arrested persons in Karnataka , the police believe that sleeper cells in the beighbouring state have close ties with elements from Andhra . ` The aim of these groups , whether Huji or LeT or Simi , is clear . Bangalore and Hyderabad are being chosen as targets to create panic in the US as the cities house biggest IT companies from the US , ' said an official.Raziuddin Nasir , a Hyderabad resident , and his aide Hafiz Khan Adnan from Bangalore , were arrested near Hubli in Karnataka in January this year as terror suspects . Raziuddin 's father Maulana Naseeruddin , also from Hyderabad , is currently lodged in the Sabarmati Jail in connection with the murder of former Gujarat home minister Hiren Pandiya . Recently , Raziuddin 's elder brother Muqamuddin had been arrested in Hyderabad for alleged terror links . ` All this proves that the terror elements in the two states are operating as one group , ' said another police official.According to sources , interrogation of suspects revealed that the October 2005 attack on the STF office in Hyderabad and the December attack in IISC , Bangalore was carried out by the same elements . Another clear link between the terror elements in Andhra and Karnataka is the explosive material used in the blasts . In Friday 's Bangalore blasts , an explosive with an ammonium nitrate base was used , while in the Gokul Chat and Lumbini Park explosions in Hyderabad last August , a similar ammonium nitrate base was used.The Andhra police are , however , yet to dismantle a single sleeper cell . ` So many suspects have been rounded up in the Mecca Masjid and twin blasts last year . So many teams have sent across Karnataka , Jaipur and other blast sites , but not a single arrest directly related to terrorists could be made . This is very frustrating for us , ' a senior official said.Based on preliminary reports , the police have found some facts with regard to Friday 's serial blasts in Bangalore . ` One that it was a low intensity one intended to create only panic and not to cause major casualties . And like the the Malegaon and Mecca Masjid blasts , it took place on a Friday during or just after the prayers , ' said another official .