The death toll from the serial bomb blasts in Jaipur rose to more than 80 people today , as police imposed a day-long curfew across the heritage city . The seven explosions saw busy markets , a jewellery bazaar and a Hindu temple covered in blood and left more than 200 people were seriously injured . Jaipur is the capital of the western desert state of Rajasthan and is one of India 's premier tourist spots , known for its pink sandstone palaces . The bombs , although crude , were packed with pieces or iron pipe and ball bearings designed to splinter upon the blast and then maim and kill victims . No one has claimed responsibility for the explosions . Although the attacks hit Muslim businesses , suspicion has fallen on the banned Harkat-ul-Jehadi Islamia ( HuJI ) , a Islamist group said to be operating from Bangladesh . HuJI has been blamed for a string of attacks in India in recent years . Earlier India 's junior home minister had appeared to point the finger at Pakistan , India 's traditional rival . `` One ca n't rule out the involvement of a foreign power , '' said Sriprakash Jaiswal , a euphemism often used for Pakistan . Security is fast becoming a political issue in India and the country 's prime minister , Manmohan Singh , called an emergency cabinet meeting today . The nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party , which runs the state of Rajasthan , called a strike in protest at the bombings . Police in Jaipur imposed a day-long curfew in the city , an apparent attempt to avert clashes between Hindus and Muslims . Most shops remained shut and there was an increased police presence on the streets . In the hospitals it was clear that both communities lost lives , as television pictures showed family members searching for loved ones in the morgues . AK Jain , a senior state police officer , told the Associated Press his force had questioned nearly a dozen people but had not yet found any clues as to who was involved . `` There have been no arrests so far , '' he said . . . Newspapers pointed out that the first blast was near a temple dedicated to the Hindu monkey god Hanuman , whose divinity was celebrated yesterday . The temple was crowded with people offering prayers on their way home from work . Another bomb exploded near the city 's Johari Bazaar jewellery market , a popular tourist attraction . As the tourist season ended in March , however , it appeared that no foreigners were caught in the bombings . . . .