National Gogoi sees ` foreign hand ' behind Dhemaji killings . . By Sushanta Talukdar . . GUWAHATI , AUG. 19 . The Assam Chief Minister , Tarun Gogoi , today alleged that the banned United Liberation Front of Asom -LRB- ULFA -RRB- was playing into the hands of foreign agencies to create terror in the State . . . Dubbing the rebel group as a ` band of mercenaries , ' Mr. Gogoi said the ULFA had been indulging in mass killing out of ` frustration ' as it had lost its support base . . . Referring to the killing of schoolchildren in a bomb blast on August 15 in Dhemaji district , he told reporters that while the militant outfit used to go for selective targets earlier , it was now indulging in mass killing at the instance of foreign agencies . . . ` ULFA isolated ' . . The widespread public protests throughout the State against the incident had proved that the militant outfit had lost its base among the people and stood isolated . The message should go loud and clear that people would no longer remain silent spectators to the mindless killings perpetrated by the banned outfit . . . The State Government would also mobilise public opinion against its violent activities , Mr. Gogoi added . . . Earlier , during a discussion with editors of local dailies this morning , he said the Government had kept the doors open for talks with militant outfits . At the same time , it would not tolerate any attempts by them to disturb peace and retard the process of development . ` Let good sense dawn upon the militant outfit to honour the wishes and aspirations of the people and to come forward for peaceful solution of the problem through talks . ' . . The killing of innocent children and women at Dhemaji was an indicator of ULFA 's desperate bid to prove its existence . ` Let the Dhemaji incident be the end to the reign of terror unleashed by ULFA and this should reverberate through the length and breadth of the State , ' Mr. Gogoi said . . . ` Strengthen intelligence ' . . The editors , while strongly denouncing the Dhemaji incident , urged Mr. Gogoi to gear up the law and order machinery and strengthen the intelligence network to thwart the sinister designs of extremist outfits . They felt that the Government should go ahead in procuring sophisticated equipment to detect IEDs to prevent the loss of life and property . . . Later in the day , a meeting of senior citizens held here issued a clarion call for building up strong public resistance against extremist violence . . . AASU protest . . The activists of the All-Assam Students Union today burnt effigies of the Chief Minister in different parts of the city to protest against police excess during a 12-hour bandh called by the student body on Wednesday in protest against the Dhemaji killings .