11.15 pm Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan . . `` All blasts occurred within 1km radius . Maharashtra deputy chief minister , state home minister , two NIA teams from Delhi , Maharashtra ATS chief are all going to Pune . '' . . 10.50 pm Total seven IEDs used . . . 10.45 pm : Pune-based Army Southern Command sends bomb disposal squads to assist Pune police . . . 10.28 pm `` One of the injured person , who carried the bomb , is in custody , '' says home secretary RK Singh . . . 10.07 pm FOUR BLASTS . FIFTH DEFUSED . SAYS HOME MINISTER SUSHIL KUMAR SHINDE . . . 10.06 pm `` Blasts occurred between 7.27pm-8 .15 pm . I had to go to Pune to attend a function , '' said Home Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde in New Delhi . . . 10.05 pm : CFSL to leave for Pune from New Delhi . . . Policemen cordon off an area after a blast in Pune on Wednesday . Four low-intensity bomb blasts in quick succession shook the city in the evening injuring at least two people . PTI . . 10.03 pm Terror angle can not be ruled out in Pune explosions as it appears to be planned attack : Home Secretary RK Singh . . . 9.45 pm `` Terror angle can not be ruled out , '' says home secretary RK Singh . . . 9.19 pm Sixth explosive defused . . . 9.11 pm : Maharashtra Anti-Terrorist Squad , bomb squad , National Investigation Agency rush for blast spots . NIA teams to fly in from Delhi and Mumbai . . . 9.09 pm : FIFTH BLAST REPORTED . ONE MORE INJURED . BLAST AT DECCAN MALL . . . 9.07 pm `` There is no terror angle . It is an act of mischief , '' Gulabrao Pol , Police Commissioner , Pune told CNN-IBN . . . 9.04 pm : The area has many shops . People have gathered to shop for Rakhi on Thursday . The low intensity blasts caused more panic while no casualties were reported so far . . . 9.00 pm : Snippets of details of emerging . In three incidents , cycles were used . This modus operandi was also seen in earlier blasts in Uttar Pradesh . . . Leaf from the past : The German Bakery blast . . In February 2010 , 17 people were killed and at least 60 injured when a bomb went off at the crowded German Bakery in Pune . An Italian woman , two Sudanese students , and an Iranian student were among those killed . The German Bakery is located close to the Jewish Chabad House in Koregaon Park . The involvement of Indian Mujahideen , the Indian arm of the Pakistan-based terror outfit Lasker-e-Taiba , was suspected in the incident . . . 8.45 pm `` We had three blasts at three different locations , '' Gulabrao Pol , Police Commissioner , Pune told CNN-IBN . . . 8.40 pm One bomb was placed on a cycle carrier outside Dena Bank , another in a dustbin outside McDonalds , one more in a cake outside the Bal Gandharv Theatre . The fourth blast was at the Garware Bridge . . . 8.35 pm Sketchy details coming in . The explosions took place on the Jangli Maharaj Road , a popular hangout for college students in the city . . . 8.30 pm Gory memories of the German Bakery blast in 2010 came alive to Pune citizens today evening as four low intensity blasts rocked the city injuring one person , police said . . . The explosions took place on the Jangli Maharaj Road , a popular hangout for college students in the city , a CNN-IBN report said .