Staff Reporter . . NEW DELHI : A thoroughly shaken shopkeeper in the Capitals Mehrauli Sarai market , Vinod Kumar Khattar , who claims to be an eyewitness to the bomb blast that killed nine-year-old Santosh and left two-dozen injured , said on Saturday afternoon that it would be a long time before he is able to sleep well again . . . It began as just another Saturday for us and I was sitting in my shop when I noticed two young men slowing down their black-coloured motorcycle and dropping something on the road . Santosh , who worked at an egg-stall in the market , was standing right behind the vehicle . He called out to the men to tell them that they had dropped a packet . He then bent down to pick it up for them , said Khattar . . . Loud explosion . . Almost immediately we saw smoke coming out of the packet and then there was a loud explosion and thick smoke enveloped the area . There was panic all round . When the cloud of smoke cleared , I saw several persons lying injured on the road . We rushed them to the All-India Institute of Medical Sciences Trauma Centre . I am very lucky to be alive . he said . . . Meanwhile , according to AIIMS Trauma Centre Medical Superintendent Dr. M. C. Misra , Santosh was brought dead . . . Huddled together outside the Trauma Centre , Santoshs stunned relatives said they could not believe the little boy was no more . . . Santosh and his parents had come from Bihar . While his father works as a labourer at a godown in Delhi , his brother is a rickshaw puller . The little boy used to help out his uncle who is a small-time vendor selling omelettes and boiled eggs . We are very poor people trying to live a decent life and I dont understand why we have been subjected to such cruelty , rued Santoshs grandmother Rekha sitting outside the Trauma Centre . . . My grandson is an innocent victim of terrorism . While for the Government and the media he is just another figure on the list of the dead , for us his death is a horror that we will have to live with for the rest of our lives . Little did we know that Santosh was coming to Delhi only to die here in such a cruel manner . Politicians only make big promises while the common man is dying every day . We dont need more promises ; we want to feel safe . We dont want to see our children being killed in such a cruel manner , she added . . . Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit , who returned to the Capital from New York on Saturday afternoon , rushed straight from the airport to the AIIMS Trauma Centre to look up the blast victims . . . She announced an ex-gratia payment of Rs .5 lakh to the next of kin of the deceased boy and Rs .50,000 each to the injured . . . Ms. Dikshit expressed grief at the loss of life and condemned the perpetrators of terror . She said the medical personnel at AIIMS would provide the best possible treatment to the injured . . . Appealing for calm , the Chief Minister urged the citizens to remain vigilant . She also called upon all political parties to stay together in this hour of crisis .