By Shujaat Bukhari SRINAGAR , DEC. 25 . In a devastating car-bomb explosion outside the highly-guarded 15 Corps headquarters here , at least nine persons , including five Army soldiers , were killed and 25 others injured . A shopping complex also caught fire after the explosion and a number of shops were gutted . Police sources said a Maruti car was left just outside the gate of the headquarters by unidentified militants and soon the bomb which was fitted in the car was triggered by them . The car was blown to pieces and the Armymen , who were part of the checking squad at the gate , bore the brunt of the blast . The troops panicked and opened fire . A Defence spokesperson said seven Army men were wounded and two civilians died . It was , however , not known whether the civilians died due to the blast or the Army firing . -LRB- According to PTI , the suicide-bomber drove the car , bearing a Delhi registration number and stuffed with explosives , to the headquarters of the 15 Corps at about 2.20 p.m. and blew it up at Batwara in front of the main gate . Sources said the suicide-bomber , who tried to storm the headquarters , was stopped by military police personnel at the checkpoint near the main gate . But ignoring the signal , the bomber went ahead and blew up . -RRB- The nearby shopping complex also caught fire after the incident and a number of shops were gutted . A large number of people were present in the market in front of the 15 Corps headquarters shopping for Eid-ul-Fitr . The entire area was sealed off by the Army and the movement of civilians curtailed . Senior police officials reached the spot and the remains of the damaged car were being examined . However , mediapersons were not allowed into the area . Two outfits own up Two militant outfits claimed responsibility for the blast . A spokesperson of the pro-Pakistan Jamait-ul-Mujahideen called newspaper offices here and said since the `` security forces have not implemented the ceasefire and are continuing with crackdowns and search operations '' such an action was resorted to . Later , the Jaish-e-Mohammad , too , owned up the attack . A spokesperson said it was a Jaish suicide-bomber , Abdullah Bai , of Birmingham , England , who drove the car and blasted it . Peace process will continue : Fernandes The Defence Minister , Mr. George Fernandes , said the car-bomb explosion was aimed at sabotaging the ongoing peace process in the State . Mr. Fernandes , who was in Srinagar on a brief visit , however , said it will not have any effect on the ceasefire . But the militants responsible will not go scot-free . The Defence Minister denied that there was any security lapse involved in today 's blast . On the recent attack at the Red Fort , he said if Pakistan stopped `` cross-border terrorism '' these incidents would not occur . Though nothing was known about the exact purpose of Mr. Fernandes 's ` Srinagar mission ' , he visited the Hindustan Machine Tools factory at Shalteng and interacted with the workers there . He also met a group of children sent by the Army on an all-India tour . The Minister reviewed the latest situation with the officiating Corps Commander , Maj.-Gen . Basant Singh , at the airport . No State Minister or senior official was present at the airport either to receive the Defence Minister or to see him off . Fort attack wo n't hit ceasefire : PM NEW DELHI , DEC. 25 . The Prime Minister , Mr. Atal Behari Vajpayee , today said there has been a security lapse in the Red Fort which was stormed by Kashmiri militants on Friday and measures were being taken to avoid recurrence of such events . `` There has been a security lapse at the Red Fort and measures are being taken so that it is not repeated , `` he told ANI . Asked whether the incident would have any effect on the ongoing ceasefire in Jammu and Kashmir , he was optimistic , saying `` it wo n't '' . - PTI . . By Shujaat Bukhari . . SRINAGAR , DEC. 25 . In a devastating car-bomb explosion outside the highly-guarded 15 Corps headquarters here , at least nine persons , including five Army soldiers , were killed and 25 others injured . A shopping complex also caught fire after the explosion and a number of shops were gutted . . . Police sources said a Maruti car was left just outside the gate of the headquarters by unidentified militants and soon the bomb which was fitted in the car was triggered by them . The car was blown to pieces and the Armymen , who were part of the checking squad at the gate , bore the brunt of the blast . The troops panicked and opened fire . . . A Defence spokesperson said seven Army men were wounded and two civilians died . It was , however , not known whether the civilians died due to the blast or the Army firing . . . -LRB- According to PTI , the suicide-bomber drove the car , bearing a Delhi registration number and stuffed with explosives , to the headquarters of the 15 Corps at about 2.20 p.m. and blew it up at Batwara in front of the main gate . Sources said the suicide-bomber , who tried to storm the headquarters , was stopped by military police personnel at the checkpoint near the main gate . But ignoring the signal , the bomber went ahead and blew up . -RRB- . . The nearby shopping complex also caught fire after the incident and a number of shops were gutted . A large number of people were present in the market in front of the 15 Corps headquarters shopping for Eid-ul-Fitr . . . The entire area was sealed off by the Army and the movement of civilians curtailed . Senior police officials reached the spot and the remains of the damaged car were being examined . However , mediapersons were not allowed into the area . . . Two outfits own up . . Two militant outfits claimed responsibility for the blast . A spokesperson of the pro-Pakistan Jamait-ul-Mujahideen called newspaper offices here and said since the `` security forces have not implemented the ceasefire and are continuing with crackdowns and search operations '' such an action was resorted to . . . Later , the Jaish-e-Mohammad , too , owned up the attack . A spokesperson said it was a Jaish suicide-bomber , Abdullah Bai , of Birmingham , England , who drove the car and blasted it . . . Peace process will continue : Fernandes . . The Defence Minister , Mr. George Fernandes , said the car-bomb explosion was aimed at sabotaging the ongoing peace process in the State . . . Mr. Fernandes , who was in Srinagar on a brief visit , however , said it will not have any effect on the ceasefire . But the militants responsible will not go scot-free . The Defence Minister denied that there was any security lapse involved in today 's blast . . . On the recent attack at the Red Fort , he said if Pakistan stopped `` cross-border terrorism '' these incidents would not occur . . . Though nothing was known about the exact purpose of Mr. Fernandes 's ` Srinagar mission ' , he visited the Hindustan Machine Tools factory at Shalteng and interacted with the workers there . He also met a group of children sent by the Army on an all-India tour . . . The Minister reviewed the latest situation with the officiating Corps Commander , Maj.-Gen . Basant Singh , at the airport . No State Minister or senior official was present at the airport either to receive the Defence Minister or to see him off . . . Fort attack wo n't hit ceasefire : PM . . NEW DELHI , DEC. 25 . The Prime Minister , Mr. Atal Behari Vajpayee , today said there has been a security lapse in the Red Fort which was stormed by Kashmiri militants on Friday and measures were being taken to avoid recurrence of such events . . . `` There has been a security lapse at the Red Fort and measures are being taken so that it is not repeated , `` he told ANI . . . Asked whether the incident would have any effect on the ongoing ceasefire in Jammu and Kashmir , he was optimistic , saying `` it wo n't '' . . . - PTI .