Guwahati : Passengers of the Arunachal Express had a narrow escape on Sunday as a powerful explosion ripped apart a stretch of the railway track some 30 minutes before the train was to pass that area in Assam , officials said . Two militants were also killed in separate shootouts in the state . . . A police spokesperson said the blast occurred early on Sunday morning near Dekamishing village in Dhemaji district , about 370 km east of Assam 's main city of Guwahati . . . `` The explosion led to a big crater with at least 10 metres of the railway track damaged in the blast , '' a police official said . . . The bomb was planted on the track and was set to go off when the train from Rangiya in Assam to Murkokseleng in Arunachal Pradesh was to cross that area . . . `` Definitely the target was the Arunachal Express , but probably something went wrong and the explosion took place before the train crossed the area , '' the official said . . . Police blamed the outlawed United Liberation Front of Asom ( ULFA ) for the attack . . . Meanwhile , two militants of the outlawed National Democratic Front of Bodoland ( NDFB ) were killed in separate shootouts on Sunday in western and northern Assam districts of Kokrajhar and Udalguri . . . `` Both the NDFB militants were killed in separate raids with intelligence inputs indicating that they were planning to stage attacks ahead of Republic Day , '' the official said . . . On Saturday night , a powerful improvised explosive device was defused after security forces spotted the explosive concealed in a polythene bag in the busy Machkhowa area in the heart of Guwahati . . . `` We had prior information of an ULFA bomber trying to plant the bomb somewhere in a crowded marketplace . Due to intense security operations , the ULFA militant failed to plant the bomb and left it on the pavement with police commandos managing to detect the explosive and immediately defusing it , '' the official said . . . The Indian Railways have suspended the running of all night trains in Assam from 6 pm on Sunday to January 27 midnight in view of the general strike called by five militant groups in the northeast on Jan 26 . . . `` The decision to suspend running of night trains was taken keeping in view security aspects and safety of passengers , '' said railways spokesperson T. Hajong . . . Five militant groups have called a general strike from 1 am to 6 pm on Republic Day , January 26 . . . The five rebel groups that have announced their boycott through a statement e-mailed to journalists are the ULFA , the NDFB , Manipur People 's Liberation Front ( MPLF ) - comprising several major militant outfits in the state , the Kamtapur Liberation Organization ( KLO ) and the Tripura People 's Democratic Front ( TPDF ) . . . .