Jagdalpur ( Chhattisgarh ) , May 27 : The Congress convoy ambushed on Saturday had no security cover unlike the previous two days , survivors said on a day the National Investigation Agency began probing possible security lapses by the central forces or the states BJP government . . . There was no road-opening party ahead of us ; no anti-landmine vehicle leading the convoy ; no police team tailing it . There were no police even at the Parivartan Yatra rally in Sukma , Ajay Singh , aide of slain Congress leader Mahendra Karma , said in Faraspal village where the Salwa Judum founder was cremated today . . . Karma and state party chief Nand Kumar Patel were among 27 Congress leaders , workers and personal security officers ( PSOs ) who died as the convoy , travelling from Sukma towards Jagdalpur , was waylaid . . . We had protection in Bijapur on day one ( May 23 ) of the Yatra ; we had cover on day two ( May 24 ) in Jagdalpur . It is strange that we had none on day three , Singh said . Two other survivors corroborated him . . . It appears an intelligence input about an increased presence of Maoists in Geeram valley , the site of the massacre , was ignored . Many senior Congress leaders have suggested a conspiracy behind the attack that has wiped out virtually the entire top rung of the partys state leadership . . . Jagdalpur superintendent of police Mayank Shrivastav , though , claimed a road-opening party had preceded the convoy on its way to Sukma earlier in the day , and later again as the motorcade headed towards Jagdalpur . . . Shrivastav suggested the patrol passed the attack site 45 minutes before the convoy and the Maoists laid the ambush in a very short time . He admitted there was no anti-landmine vehicle or police escort apart from the 35 police PSOs of the party leaders . . . Patel puzzle . . One other question being asked in Congress circles is : why did the Maoists kill state unit chief Patel and his son Dinesh who , unlike Karma , had no personal enmity with the rebels ? Especially when they let off local MLA Kawasi Lakhma , who was in the same car ? . . Im sure the National Investigation Agency team ( which arrived in Chhattisgarh today ) will probe this angle . It smacks of a political conspiracy , state Congress media chief Shailesh Trivedi said . . . Patel would have been a front-runner for the chief ministers post if the Congress had won the upcoming state polls . Dinesh , married two years ago , looked set to play a major role in the Youth Congress . . . Father and son had worked very hard to make the Yatra a success , Singh said . . . We are confused why the Maoists killed Patel and his son . Dinesh was not even a full-time politician , Singh said . He was extremely polite and had a spotless character . . . Route rumour . . Singh and state Congress leaders including the injured Lakhma chorused their denial of a buzz , started apparently by the administration , about a last-minute change to the convoys route . . . We went there and came back according to a pre-decided plan , Singh said . To my knowledge , the route was not changed , said Lakhma . . . There was a change to the Yatras schedule , though , but it was conveyed to the police , Trivedi said . . . The rallies in Sukma and Jagdalpur were slated for May 24 and 25 , respectively , but the dates were switched because former chief minister Ajit Jogi could come to Sukma only on May 25 . . . There was no change to the Yatras route on May 25 ; the state government is propagating this rumour to cover its own lapses , Trivedi said . . . Security lapses could have taken place , junior Union home minister R.P.N. Singh said in Delhi while announcing the NIA probe . ( In case of ) any lapse on the part of central forces or the state government , we have to take action .