The Mumbai Police on Friday claimed to have cracked the August 25 , 2003 twin blasts case with the arrest of four persons . The arrested include three persons from one family -- Syed Mohammad Hanif , 42 ; his wife Syed Fahmida Mohammand Hanif , 36 ; and daughter Syed Farheen Mohammad Hanif , 18 . . . . . These three , along with Hanif 's three-year-old daughter , had hired the taxi that was blown up at the Gateway of India . Complete coverage of the Mumbai blastsThe police have handed over the three-year-old daughter to her grandmother . It was the description provided bythe taxi driver , who survived the blast , that helped the police find the suspects . The taxi driver , Shivnarayan Pande , is now being provided police protection . . . . . The fourth arrested , Arshad Shafique Mohammad Ansari , 27 , had hired the second taxi that blew up at Zaveri Bazar , killing the driver . . . . . The police are still on the lookout for two more suspects and are confident of picking them up soon . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Also Read . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Four arrested in Mumbai blasts case'Police intelligence in Mumbai is very poor '' The sound of the bomb still haunts me '45 minutes before the blasts , a warning ` There was no intelligence failure ' . . Incidentally , this outfit , which the police have termed as the Hanif group , was also responsible for the bomb blast at Ghatkopar on July 28 , 2003 , when a bomb was placed below the back seat of a bus , route number 340 . Then , the police said , Arshad and Farheen had boarded the bus and placed the bomb below the seat . . . . . . . This same outfit had also attempted to carry out a blast at SEEPZ -LRB- Santa Cruz Electronics Export Processing Zone -RRB- last year , but the explosive device failed . . . . . With the arrests , the police are clearly heaving a sigh of relief and are proud of having cracked the case in a week 's time . The media turned up in huge numbers when the police called the press conference , held in the office of Mumbai Police Commissioner R S Sharma . Displayed on his huge table were gelatin sticks , alarm clocks , binding tape andshrapnel , all used by the Hanif group to make their bombs . . . . . Maharashtra Deputy Chief Minister Chhagan Bhujbal announced the arrests of the four suspects , and praised the police Crime Branch for their success . Crime Branch Unit 11 and Unit 9 were mainly responsible for cracking the case . . . . . Said a senior police officer , ` We arrested them a couple of days ago , but we made sure that they were the right people before calling this press conference , ' he said , and added testily , ` Otherwise , the media will be the first to castigate us . ' . . . . Asked if it did not amount to intelligence failure that this group was not arrested after the Ghatkopar blast , he said the reason was that after Ghatkopar , there was just no description of the couple who had boarded the bus . ` The police also need some clues when looking for people . This time , we were lucky to get a good description from the taxi driver and our men did the rest of the work , ' he said . . . . . THE arrests and interrogation of the four culprits has thrown light and revealed the politicised statements made earlier . The four arrested have no connection with any local outfit . When specifically asked whether SIMI -LRB- Students Muslim Organization of India -RRB- was involved , Bhujbal said , ` No . ' Then he added , ` So far . ' . . . . But while the involvement of local jihadi groups is being ruled out , the police were categorical in bringing to light the international links . They pointed out that Hanif , who is clearly the mastermind and key agent of the blast , was employed at the Hilton Hotel in Dubai as an electrician . . . . . The police said that after the Gujarat riots , he was ` indoctrinated ' in Dubai and returned to India on September 14 , 2002 , with the intention of carrying out terrorist acts . On his return to India , Hanif contacted Ashraf and the duo began carrying out the explosions , supported by Hanif 's wife and grown-up daughter . . . . . When asked who indoctrinated him , the police were unwilling to give a name or even a hint . But the aforementioned officer said that as per their information , they believe that the Dubai centre that ` indoctrinated ' Hanif received instructions from an outfit in Saudi Arabia , which in turn was commanded by an outfit in Pakistan . . . . . This officer said the involvement of the Lashkar-e-Tayiba was not ruled out , just that it was more roundabout . . . . . But what stands punctured is the so-called link between the Lashkar and SIMI , a link that had political overtones . . . . . ASHRAF told the police that they had formed the Gujarat Muslim Revenge Force to avenge the killings of Muslim during the Gujarat riots of early 2002 . Ashraf is a zari -LRB- embroidery -RRB- worker , based in Surat , southern Gujarat . . . . . But while the Gujarat riots affected Ahmedabad , Vadodara and central Gujarat , Surat was peaceful . So on what basis did Ashraf claim to be affected ? . . . . A second senior officer told rediff.com that when Ashraf was questioned why Mumbai is being targeted if the motive is revenge for Gujarat , he apparently replied , ` Because the rich supporters of the Gujarat government are all based in Mumbai . ' . . . . But a third senior police officer said in the final analysis , Gujarat was merely the fig leaf cover . ` Gujarat today is being blamed for everything , ' he said , ` It is too simple to assume that the only motive is Gujarat . It is like saying that if Gujarat did not happen then these blasts would not take place . But we know that would not be the case . These blasts are going to occur because the motive is far bigger . ' . . . . There has been the perception that the Gujarat revenge motive is being played to the hilt . When the blast occurred , Bhujbal 's first reaction then was to blame the blasts on Gujarat . Reason : all the blasts had occurred in Gujarati-dominated areas such as Ghatkopar and Zaveri Bazar . The Gateway of India is an international symbol and a favourite tourist spot . . . . . But as the police revealed , the explosive for the Ghatkopar blast was placed inside the bus at Andheri East , from where the bus begins its run , and timed to explode later . It was just a coincidence that it happened to be Ghatkopar . And Zaveri Bazar is one of Mumbai 's most important commercial areas , and an extremely congested and busy area , where it is easy to slip in and out without anyone noticing . . . . . The police also said that the explosives were prepared at the residences of Hanif in Andheri West -LRB- northwestern Mumbai -RRB- and Ashraf in Andheri East -LRB- northwestern Mumbai -RRB- . The two , who lived in poor tenements , made the explosives from gelatin sticks that are available locally since gelatin is used for quarrying and other controlled blasts . . . . . There is as yet no indication that RDX was used . . . . . Asked about the use of RDX , Joint Commissioner of Police Dr Satyapal Singh said the police are still awaiting the report from the Central Forensic Laboratory of India , Chandigarh , and which would be considered final . . . . . The police said that Hanif originally hails from the Mangalore region -LRB- southwestern India -RRB- while Arshad hails from the Bars Bareily district in Uttar Pradesh . .