It was the third time in last decade that Dilsukhnagar has been targeted by terrorists . The bustling residential-commercial centre had earlier witnessed a bomb blast at Saibaba temple in 2002 , which claimed two lives . . . Five years later , Hyderabad experienced twin blasts at Gokul Chat in Kothi and Lumbini Park in front of the Secretariat . The terrorists had also planted a bomb at the foot over bridge in Dilsukhnagar , but it was detected and defused in time . And now again by a quirk of fate , five years later , the same area is rocked by blasts . . . Why do the terror planners keep returning to Dilsukhnagar ? Is it because of the high concentration of crowds so that maximum damage could be inflicted ? . . Located almost on the south-eastern tip of the city , Dilsukhnagar ranks high among the densely populated and busy corridors of Hyderabad . Given the numerous middle class colonies in the vicinity , the central Dilsukhnagar area around the bus stop teems with crowds throughout the day , peaking during the evenings . . . The bus stop here connects to almost all the parts of the city and thus has a large fleet of buses making a halt here to pick up and drop commuters . In the 1980s and 90s , Dilsukhnagar was the most preferred location by the government employees for setting up home and even now , sundown sees a large administrative staff getting down from buses here to return home . . . The location is the last pick up point for passengers heading for Vijayawada , Guntur , Tenali and parts of the coastal region , which adds to the crowd presence here . Also , the surroundings of the bus stop here have metamorphosed into a beehive of commercial activity with road side kiosks to well furnished showrooms and a couple of film theatres . . . Also , the bomb attack site is close to the popular Sai Baba temple which draws devotees in large numbers , particularly on Thursday evening when aarti is held around the sunset . . . With little or no mechanism to control and streamline the movement of crowds along or across the roads , chaotic conditions prevail particularly between 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. . . At the same time , the area does not get adequate attention from security agencies . The focus that is paid to other parts of the main city or even the emerging IT corridors on peripheries is not accorded here .