Sushanta Takukdar . . Over 300 injured in 12 high intensity blasts ; hand of jihadi elements suspected . . Guwahati : In one of the worst terror strikes in the northeast , 62 people were killed and over 300 injured in 12 high intensity serial blasts that rocked the city and three lower Assam towns Kokrajhar , Barpeta Road and Bongaigaon on Thursday morning . The condition of more than 30 people is said to be critical . . . In the city , 31 people were killed and about 125 injured in six blasts at Ganeshguri , the Chief Judicial Magistrate Court premises near the Deputy Commissioners office and Fancybazar near the Panbazar police station . . . In Kokrajhar , at least 20 people were killed in three serial blasts that rocked the headquarters town of the Bodoland Territorial Council -LRB- BTC -RRB- , while 12 people were killed in twin blasts in Barpeta Road town of Barpeta district . . . No death was reported in the Bongaigaon blast , which left 10 injured . . . Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi told journalists after an emergency security review that the government would form a high level task force to probe the blasts . . . Curfew was clamped on G.S. Road as the blasts triggered violence in the Ganeshguri locality , close to the capital complex . A mob torched ambulances , fire tenders , police vehicles and a traffic police point , and attacked police personnel in protest against security failure . Warning shots were fired in the air . Curfew was lifted at 5.30 p.m. . . Inspector-General -LRB- Special Branch -RRB- Khagen Sharma told The Hindu that the needle of suspicion was pointed to jihadi elements . However , we are not ruling out the possibility of the involvement of the United Liberation Front of Asom in the form of logistics support . . . All the blasts occurred at busy public places between 11 and 11.30 a.m. . One of the bombs went off in the busy Ganeshguri locality , very close to the high security zone of the capital complex . . . It was a gory sight at the blast sites in the city mangled remains of vehicles , severed limbs , and the injured crying for help . Thick black smoke billowed for hours as a number of vehicles caught fire . . . The IGP said initial investigation pointed to the possibility of a car bomb being used . A team of the Intelligence Bureau and explosives experts of the National Security Guards are scheduled to arrive to probe the blasts . . . Terming the incidents acts of cowardice by anti-national extremist elements , Mr. Gogoi directed the law-enforcing agencies to take immediate action to nab the culprits and to deal with the situation very firmly . . . He directed them to take precautionary security measures to prevent recurrence of such incidents . Mr. Gogoi appealed to the people to remain on high alert and maintain calm . . . The ULFA has denied its involvement in the blasts . . . A statement e-mailed by the outfits self-styled lieutenant and member of the central publicity unit , Anjan Barthakur , alleged that the blasts have been triggered by Indian occupation forces to scuttle efforts by the ULFA to seek a peaceful political solution to India-Asom conflict . . . The byline/name of the Guwahati Special Correspondent Sushanta Talukdarwas misspelt as Sushanta Takukdar in the lead story ` Terror strikes Assam ,62 killed ' -LRB- October 31 , 2008 , page 1 -RRB- .