In a major terror strike ,42 persons were killed and about 50 injured in two powerful near-simultaneous blasts at a crowded park and a popular eating joint in Hyderabad on Saturday evening . . . Thirty-twopeople died when an explosion ripped through Gokul Chat Shop at Kothi locality at around 7.50 pm , Andhra Pradesh Home Minister K Jana Reddy told reporters in Hyderabad . Around 21 persons were wounded in this blast . . . In another blast five minutes earlier at the Lumbini amusement park five km away , 10 people perished in a blast when a laser show was on , he said . The amusement park is situated near the state secretariat in the heart of the city . . . Jana Reddy said about 500 people were in the auditorium at the time of the incident . . . The blast ripped through the middle row of the auditorium when the show had just begun . . . So powerful was the blast that some of bodies were flung into the air and scattered over the area . . . Hyderabad Police Commissioner Balwinder Singh said the toll at Lumbini Park , overlooking the picturesque Hussain Sagar lake , may go up as it was teeming with week-end crowd . . . Reddy said that ` according to preliminary reports , it was a terrorist act . ' . . A senior police official said the explosives used in the twin blasts on Satuday were similar to the one used by terrorists in the Mecca Masjid blasts in May 2006 . . . The police cordoned off the areas and sounded a red alert across Hyderabad and conducted searches at railway stations and bus depots . . . Security in Hyderabad city has been tightened further in view of 10,000 weddings that are scheduled on Sunday . . . The dead and injured were ferried to Osmania Hospital , Medicity and Yashoda hospital . . . Gory scenes were witnessed at the Lumbini Park auditorium with limbs , blood , clothes and shoes of the people watching the laser show strewn around . . . Explosive experts visited the sites and collected samples of the materials used in the blast . . . After visiting the blast sites , Chief Minister Y S Rajasekhar Reddy told reporters that ` it is definitely a terrorist act . It has claimed 30 lives . We are going into details . ' . . He said the government would see to it that efforts were taken to restore peace . . . Rajasekhar Reddy appealed to the people to maintain calm and not spread rumours . . . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh expressed deep concern over the blasts and the Union Home Ministry said it was monitoring the situation in Hyderabad . . . Union Minister of State for Home Sriprakash Jaiswal said the blasts were the handiwork of some terrorist group . . . ` One terrorist group or the other , which is bent on destroying the unity of the country , is certainly involved in the blasts in Hyderabad , ' he said . . . Rajasekhar Reddy reviewed the situation with Director-General of Police M A Basith and other top officials . . . Additional Reportage : PTI .