Updated May 23 , 2005 05:38:00 . . At least one person has been killed and 50 people injured in explosions at two cinemas in New Delhi that are screening a controversial film condemned by Sikhs . . . A loud explosion has shaken the Liberty Cinema Hall in the crowded shopping district of Karol Bagh in the capital during a film screening . . . It has been followed by a bomb blast in the Satyam cineplex in neighbouring Patel Nagar . . . `` The bomb was strapped to a seat in the fifth row of the Liberty Cinema Hall , '' Delhi Police chief K K Paul said . . . `` A second bomb concealed in a bathroom of the Satyam cineplex went off 15 minutes later . '' . . Mr Paul says police have sealed off both cinemas . . . `` At least 18 people have been rushed to Lady Harding Hospital in a serious condition , '' he said . . . `` There are others who have suffered minor injuries and have been given first aid . '' . . According to the Delhi Police , at least 44 people have been injured in the low-intensity explosion in Liberty Cinema Hall . . . Six people , including three children , have been injured in the Satyam cineplex . . . The Star News channel quotes a filmgoer as saying that he has pulled out seven dead bodies from the badly-damaged Liberty Cinema Hall . . . But Delhi chief Minister Shiela Dixit says there have been only one death . . . Both the blasts have taken place in cinema halls that are screening a controversial Hindi film starring action hero Sunny Deol called , Jo Bole So Nihal , which is a Sikh religious chant used as a battle cry or in prayer . . . The Sikh Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee ( SGPC ) , which is the highest authority in the Sikh religion , has demanded a ban on the film . . . It says the contents of the movie and use of the prayer as a title have hurt Sikh religious sentiments . . . The film was withdrawn from theatres across the northern Indian Sikh dominated state of Punjab last week following protests from the SGPC . . . Police have evacuated viewers from theatres in the Indian capital screening Jo Bole So Nihal following the blasts . . . - AFP . . Topics : unrest-conflict-and-war , action , india . . First posted May 23 , 2005 04:34:00 .