Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Mayawati today said that senior officials have been rushed to Gorakhpur District to conduct a thorough probe . . . Lucknow , May 23 : Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Mayawati today said that senior officials have been rushed to Gorakhpur District to conduct a `` thorough probe '' . . . Suspecting a `` big conspiracy '' behind the Gorakhpur serial blasts , in which six persons were injured , she said the state police chief , Principal Secretary ( home ) , Additional Director General of Police ( Law and Order ) and Additional Director General of Police ( Special Task Force ) had been sent to Gorakhpur by air to monitor the investigation . . . Traders and activists of the Hindu Yuva Vahini are observing a shutdown in Gorakhpur today in protest against Tuesday 's three bomb blasts in the town 's busiest shopping area . . . On Wednesday , police said they had recovered 10 kgs of explosives and 20 litres of ammonium nitrate from a railway station in Faizabad at around 2.00 a.m.According to the police , the explosives were recovered during a search . . Uttar Pradesh has been placed on state of high alert following the incident . . . Security has also been beefed around the famous Dwarkadheesh , Bankey Behari Ji , Daan Ghati and Krishna Balram and Gorakhnath temples and in the nearby holy towns of Allahabad and Varanasi . . . Orders for special vigil at the fair of Goverdhan where scores of pilgrims perform Parikrama of hillock Goverdhan were issued . . . Checking in yellow Zone area at the two shrines of Sri Krishna Janmasthan has also begun with special vigil at railway and bus stations , District Police Chief R.K. Chaturvedi said . . . A Kanpur report said security has been beefed up in the city following Gorakhpur blasts . . . `` Security measures have been put in place . Strict checking is on across all cinemas , railway stations , bus stations . People are being urged not to lend ears to rumours and to report if they come across any unattended object , '' said Suryakant Tripathi , a senior police officer . . . Police have been placed on alert in the city and exit points , besides the India-Nepal border . . . Local said the explosions were created to spread terror and create a rift among the people . . . `` The blasts were aimed at spreading terror among people . It targeted the harmony among people , '' said Pradeep Singh , a local . . . The first blast took place near the Baldev Plaza shopping complex . Two more bombs exploded at the Ganesh Hotel and the Jalkal Building respectively . . . The bombs were wrapped in polythene bags and packed in tiffin boxes before being planted on bicycles and a scooter parked in crowded places in the city . . . The blasts went off around 7.00 p.m. , each with an interval of about five minutes . . . The Union Home Ministry has reportedly asked the State Government to give details about the blasts . . . Tuesday 's serial blasts came after a bomb blast at the Mecca mosque in Hyderabad that killed 13 last week . . . addthis_url = location.href ; addthis_title = document.title ; addthis_pub = ` vijaytech ' ; . . a36 ( ) ; . . .