The Central government on Wednesday claimed to have got some ` leads ' on the Mumbai serial blasts that has as yet claimed the lives of about 190 suburban train passengers but remained tightlipped on who was responsible for it . . . ` We have leads about the Bombay blasts but no arrests have been made , ' Home Secretary V K Duggal told media persons after a meeting with Civil Aviation Minister Praful Patel and top officials in New Delhion beefing up security at airports . . . ` Though there is no possibility of terrorist attacks on vital and prime economic installations following the Mumbai blasts , all systems are being put in place to ensure security , ' he said . . . Duggal said the number of security equipments , manpower , baggage and personal check-in systems were being put in place . Appealing to passengers to cooperate with security officials at the airports , Patel said : ` Some concrete decisions have been taken -LRB- in regard to the security beef-up -RRB- and these will be implemented . ' . . Later in the day , Maharashtra Director General of Police P S Pasricha too claimed that certain leads had been found in the case . Addressing a press conference in Mumbai , Pasricha said the state government 's first priority in the wake of the blasts was to provide relief to the injured and much success had been achieved in this . ` We have held meeting with authorities of both Western and Central Railways to discuss ways and means to restore normalcy as soon as possible , ' Pasricha said . ` Security has been tightened across Maharashtra . Metal detectors and dog squads will be deployed at railway stations , ' he said , adding that some measures will be implemented immediately while others will take some time to be put into effect . He praised the citizens of Mumbai for displaying ` admirable resilience ' and for lending a helping hand to their fellow citizens in the aftermath of the bombings . The police were interacting with political and religious leaders and asking them to counsel their followers to maintain calm and restraint , he said . .