National Security Adviser Ajit Doval -LRB- second from left -RRB- inspects the blast site in Burdwan . Kolkata : National Security Adviser Ajit Doval - who visited West Bengal regarding the Burdwan blast case today - is believed to have expressed displeasure that a jihadi hub from Bangladesh has mushroomed in the state without the knowledge of the Mamata Banerjee government . Sources said he gave Ms Banerjee a tough message . Bengal , he reportedly said , could not turn a blind eye to terror.Mr Doval 's first stop was Burdwan 's Khagragarh - the site of a recent blast and the death of two terror suspects , which blew the lid off the terror network in the state . Later , he met the Chief Minister . Prakash Mishra , Special Secretary in the Ministry of Home Affairs who accompanied Mr Doval , said the Bengal government has promised to cooperate with the investigation . The state government had agreed to an investigation into the Burdwan incident by the National Investigation Agency , or NIA , with considerable reluctance.Mr Doval 's visit comes in the background of a bitter war of words between the BJP - fresh from electoral successes in Bengal - and the ruling Trinamool Congress over the Burdwan incident . The BJP has accused Ms Bannerjee and the Trinamool of going soft on terror and playing down the issue.Ms Banerjee claims the police have done a good job in Burdwan , but the Opposition and security point to many flaws . The most glaring - missing 39 crude bombs during their search at a house near the blast site , which were later found by the NIA.The dead terror suspects allegedly had links to the Jamaat-Ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh - a banned terror group working to destabilise the Sheikh Hasina government in Bangladesh . The NIA has said all four persons arrested in the case are members of Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh . The accused were preparing crude bombs to transport them to Bangladesh for possible terror attacks , it said . A dossier being prepared by the Centre will be shared with Dhaka , which had sought details on the case . .