By Our Staff Reporter NEW DELHI , JAN. 7 . The Delhi police on Friday released a sketch of one of the men suspected to be involved in the bomb blast on the Saharanpur-bound Shamli Express at the Old Delhi railway station on Thursday . Police said the accused - who was wearing a grey Pathani suit with a white `` jalidari topi '' -LRB- sieved cap -RRB- was seen in the compartment shortly before the explosion . The suspect is said to be between 20 and 22 years of age , five feet six inches tall , thin built with a fair complexion and sporting a small beard . The Deputy Commissioner of Police -LRB- Crime and Railways -RRB- , Mr. P.K. Srivastava , said the sketch had been prepared with the help of inputs provided by three eyewitnesses . They told police that the suspect , along with two or three of his accomplices , had boarded the train with a cloth bag but alighted soon after . While alighting , he apparently did not have the cloth bag - in which he is said to have carried the explosive - in his hand . The police officer said that in all there were perhaps four young men of similar appearance present in the compartment a little before the explosions took place . `` Since they are not among the injured , nor among the eyewitnesses , we gather that they could have been responsible for the incident . '' . . By Our Staff Reporter . . NEW DELHI , JAN. 7 . The Delhi police on Friday released a sketch of one of the men suspected to be involved in the bomb blast on the Saharanpur-bound Shamli Express at the Old Delhi railway station on Thursday . . . Police said the accused - who was wearing a grey Pathani suit with a white `` jalidari topi '' -LRB- sieved cap -RRB- was seen in the compartment shortly before the explosion . The suspect is said to be between 20 and 22 years of age , five feet six inches tall , thin built with a fair complexion and sporting a small beard . . . The Deputy Commissioner of Police -LRB- Crime and Railways -RRB- , Mr. P.K. Srivastava , said the sketch had been prepared with the help of inputs provided by three eyewitnesses . They told police that the suspect , along with two or three of his accomplices , had boarded the train with a cloth bag but alighted soon after . While alighting , he apparently did not have the cloth bag - in which he is said to have carried the explosive - in his hand . . . The police officer said that in all there were perhaps four young men of similar appearance present in the compartment a little before the explosions took place . `` Since they are not among the injured , nor among the eyewitnesses , we gather that they could have been responsible for the incident . '' .