At least29 people were killed and over 100were injured as 16 serial bomb blasts rocked Ahmedabad on Saturday evening . Cycles were probably used to plant the bombs while some were placed on buses , G K Parmar , joint commissioner of Ahmedbad police , told rediff.com . . . Parmar said thatthe police are on the lookout for more live bombs . The explosions occurred at Maninagar , Isanpur , Narol circle , Bapunagar , Hatkeshwar and Sarangpur bridge , Sarkej and Odhav and created a wave of panic . . . Crowded areas including market places were hit in the synchronised ` low-intensity ' explosions in a space of 60 to 70 minutes after the first blast hit Maninagar at 6.45 pm . The bombs placed in tiffin boxes were strapped on to bicycles . Some of the blast sites were in sensitive areas in the old city but the situation was peaceful as the night wore on . . . There were three blasts in Maninagar -- the constituency of Chief Minister Narendra Modi -- and two in Sarkhej targeting a state transport CNG bus and near the old Sangam theatre . . . ` As per the latest information , 29 persons were killed , ' Modi told reporters late on Saturday night . . . Significantly , two blasts occurred in the premises of Civil and LG hospitals where several victims of the explosions in other areas were being rushed exacerbating the already tense situation . A nationwide alert has been sounded . . . A shocked Modi said the Ahmedabad blasts was a ` war against India ' and a handiwork of terror groups . Declaring there should be one voice against terrorism , Modi also said there is a ` mastermind group and a mastermind country ' behind the blasts . The people behind the attack will be ` hounded out ' , said Modi , who also spoke to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . . . ` The blasts were of low intensity and similar to those which hit Bangalore , ' Union Minister of State for Home Sriprakash Jaiswal told reporters in Kanpur . . . A common feature seen at the blast sites was use of blue ballbearings in the explosions . . . The civic authorities have stopped plying of all the city transport buses . . . Gujarat has been put on high alert following the blast . Security has been beefed up across the state , particularly in Gandhinagar , and special police teams were deployed at vulnerable places , said Gujarat Home Minister Amit Shah . . . He said the government would take all measures to maintain law and order . . . Sources said that minutes before the blasts , the Intelligence Bureau received a mail from the Indian Mujahideen , which stated , ` Stop us if you can . ' . . A couple of bombs were reported to have been placed in tiffin boxes in a modus operandi similar to the explosions outside a Lucknow court last year . . . A high level meeting of state director general of police and home secretaries will be convened shortly , said Union Home Secretary Madhukar Gupta . . . The Ahmedabad serial blasts come a day after two people were killed innine serial blasts that shook Bengaluru . . . Bapunagar , Isranpur and Raipur , where the blasts have taken place , are considered to be communally sensitive areas . . . President Pratibha Patil and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh condemned the blasts and appealed for calm . . . Union Home Minister Shivraj Patil has convened a high-level meeting to review the security situation in the country . . . ' I do not wish to say anything other than this that a meeting will be held tomorrow at 11 am to review the security situation in the country , ' Patil told reporters . . . He added , ` Anti-national elements have been trying to create panic among the people of our country . Today 's blasts in Ahmedabad seem to be part of the same strategy . ' .