GUWAHATI : Serial blasts rocked Guwahati early evening on New Year 's Day , killing five people and severely injuring 51 others as Assam opened its 2009 account with more bloodshed and terror . . . The three blasts , masterminded by Ulfa 's 709 Batallion , at Birubari , Bhootnath and Bhangagarh happened even as the state was awaiting the landing of home minister P Chidambaram at the Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi airport . The third blast which was the most powerful of the three , took place barely 200 metres from the Times of India office in the city . . . Chidambaram 's most crucial engagement in Guwahati happens to be the Thursday evening and Friday morning meeting of the unified command , which is the apex counter insurgency body in the north east . The meeting would also have chief minister Tarun Gogoi participating . . . It is strange that considering the importance of the event and the fact that Thursday was New Year 's Day , the state security could have been so slack as to allow this sort of extreme terror manifest itself yet again . The security lapse was unpardonable also in the context of the fact that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is due in Guwahati on Friday morning and that he has a meeting with Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi on the day . Considering that the city is unsafe , the meeting is scheduled within the airport complex itself . The prime minister will thereafter go to Shillong to attend the Indian Science Congress . . . The last serial blasts took place in the city just two months ago on October 30 , 2008 , and had taken the city completely unawares . This time too , Guwahati was celebrating the New Year and the streets were full of revellers , eager for yet one more evening of fun . On October 30 , the nine blasts had claimed 89 lives and left over 500 innocent people injured . . . DIG , Assam Police , G.P Singh told ET : `` ULFA is behind the blasts , we have intercepted messages '' . The first blast went off at about 2.35 pm in a garbage bin in the Birubari area . The second blast took place around 5.15 pm at Bhootnath in a teeming market place . Just 15 minutes later , the biggest of them all , rocked Bhangagarh , where 20 metres away was a mosque and just opposite the latest Big Bazaar shopping mall . . . Like the October 30 blasts , the explosion at Bhangagarh also took place adjacent to a flyover . Intelligence agencies said that the explosions were designed to be triggered just prior to the home minister 's visit to the city . . . Chidambaram was whisked away to Raj Bhawan as soon as he landed . He had detailed discussions with Mr Gogoi . . . `` The timing of the blast was made with precision . The Bhootnath market place is just few metres away from the road which the home minister would have taken to reach Raj Bhavan . The home minister reached Guwahati around 6.30 pm . Maybe , the aim of the blasts was to attract the attention of the Union government '' said The aim of the blast is to get the notice of government of India , '' intelligence sources told ET . . . There was complete confusion in Guwahati after the blasts , with the city going back into its customary shell and people hurried home .