Sushanta Talukdar . . ULFA denies its hand in the six blasts in which civilians were injured . . GUWAHATI : Suspected militants of the United Liberation Front of Asom -LRB- ULFA -RRB- triggered two more blasts in the city on Saturday night . One person was killed and 19 others , including two security personnel , were injured . Four blasts occurred on Friday night in which three were injured . . . Inspector-General of Police -LRB- Special Branch -RRB- Khagen Sharma told The Hindu that suspected ULFA militants lobbed a grenade at an RPF post at Bamunimaidam area around 7 p.m. on Saturday in which two jawans were injured . Another blast occurred under the Ganeshguri flyover close to the Dispur capital complex around 7:45 p.m. . One person was killed . Seventeen were injured . . . In the morning , the police recovered a bomb kept concealed in a tiffin box device and fitted with a timer device in front of the office of the Kamrup Superintndent of Police near the Don Bosco School . . . Bomb recovered . . Superintendent of Police Nitul Gogoi said the bomb was recovered around 8:40 a.m. . The timer device had been sent to experts to ascertain when it was exactly set to go off . ` The timer device showed 6:17 . But we are yet to know whether it was synchronised with another timing . Hence , we are not in a position to comment whether it was targeted on the school children . ' . . Additional Superintendent of Police Rajen Singh said the tiffin box was covered with newspapers . ` The bomb was recovered probably in less than ten minutes after it was planted , asthe newspapers covering the tiffin box were not wet . It was raining heavily since morning till around 8:30 . ' . . The ULFA denied its hand in the six blasts in which civilians were injured , but owned up three blasts on the oil and gas pipelines at Naharkatia , Digboi and Chabua . . . In a statement , ULFA chief Paresh Barua said the blasts in Guwahati , Dhubri , Mangaldoi , Haibargaon , Golokganj and Doomdooma were ` masterminded by Inspector-General of Police -LRB- Special Branch -RRB- Khagen Sharma and the forces opposed to peace talks between the Centre and the outfit . ' . . Mr. Barua said the attacks on the pipelines were carried out in protest against the tightening of security around oil installations , which was to ` facilitate the plundering of Assam 's natural resources . ' . . Train services suspended . . Chief Public Relations Officer , N.F. Railways , Trikalyga Rabha said train services between Naharkatia and Tinsukia were suspended from 10:40 p.m. till 12:40 p.m. as the oil pipeline near the railway track at Nahakatia caught fire due to the blast . . . Mr. Sharma said the ULFA statement was not surprising , as the outfit had in the past denied its hand in similar blasts at Dhemaji , Boko , Mathurapur and other places where civilians were killed and injured . However , it could be established that all these blasts were the handiwork of the ULFA . . . The Assam Government announced an ex-gratia of Rs . 3 lakh to the next of kin of each of the deceased and Rs . 10,000 to each of the injured . . . In a statement from Rome on Friday , Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi , who is leading a delegation ona three-nation tour , described the blasts as ` senseless acts ' that would affect the atmosphere of peace and progress in the State . ` Violence and terrorism have no place in a democratic country like ours . The police and administration should spare no effort to apprehend those responsible for such incidents . ' .