Mortar bombs , projectiles , grenades , rockets , detonators , artillery shells were unheard of in Shekowal and Kalewal village , until Indian Army 's biggest operation to dispose off scrap ammunitions began there in November . Over 30 kms from here , 738 residents and 2,500 animals of the villages are evacuated each day by the police to the nearby Gurdwara and other safe places so that the Army can transport , segregate and then dispose of over 17,000 pieces of ammunitions of unknown origin that made their way to the centre of the industrial capital of Punjab . Steel and other metal re-rolling units in Punjab had imported the scrap at throwaway prices between 1999 and 2004 . They had not specified the nature of the consignment and only mentioning scrap while taking permission for the imports . It was only during inspections by Customs that their hazardous nature was discovered at a dry port in the industrial hub of Ludhiana in 2004 but it took nearly six years to start the process of disposing it off . Bomb disposal is always high risk so we take extra precautions to ensure the safety of the men handling the ammunition , the villagers and even the cattle . We execute six to eight blasts every day and the project should be complete in two months . The sheer scale of the operation has given us a chance to train our team , said Lt. Col. Vinod Bhat , commanding officer of the 202 Bomb Disposal Unit ( BDU ) , about the Operation . The operation has been named Saiyam ' ( patience ) . We have been trained but each time a bomb is picked or placed there is considerable risk involved , that is why the remote controlled vehicles , telescopic handling machines , bomb suits etc are used , if proper precautions are taken there is little fear left , said a jawan in a bomb suit as he picked a rusted piece of metal and carefully placed it on a padded crane . The scrap was intended to be recycled for the steel industry and had the explosives gone off while melting the scrap , consequences would have been catastrophic . The ammunitions , weighing over 50 tonnes , was imported into the country in the garb of metal scrap to be recycled into steel . It was stored in five containers , four of which were 20 feet long and one was 40 feet in length at the dry port which is located inside a populated area in Ludhiana . Operation Saiyam will cost about Rs . 13.5 million and the authorities have levied this penalty on the eight private individuals who imported the scrap . Till now , Army officers have conducted over 60 blasts and destroyed over 1400 pieces . It is only through visual inspection that we saying that there are about 17,000 pieces of ammunitions . We have not counted them physically . The number can go up when we take actual stock of the situation in the coming days , he said . This is a very tedious process and consumes a long time . Our officers can not rush things and they have to be very patient . Therefore , we keep rotating our officers on different jobs so that monotony does not set in , Lt. Col. Bhat pointed out . The villagers have been told to keep away from their fields between 7 am and 5 pm till the operation is completed . Army aims to destroy the large calibre ammunition first so that the villages can be rehabilitates as soon as possible , the cooperation of the villagers is very important , we have 12 police posts to ensure that once the blasts begin , there is no one around the area and until we are left with very small calibre ammunitions , we wo n't take any risk , Lt Col Bhatt said adding the most dangerous are the hand grenades as most of them are without their pins .