The two suicide bomb attacks that killed 38 people and wounded over 60 in Moscow on Monday targeted the city 's busy subway system , a favourite target of Chechen terrorists . In the past six years militants mounted five attacks on the Moscow Metro . In terms of casualties , Monday 's bombings were the worst attack on the capital since February 2004 , when a suicide bombing killed at least 41 people on a metro train . There have been no terrorist attacks in Moscow since August 2004 , when a suicide bomber blew herself up outside a subway station , killing 10 people . As in February 2004 , on Monday women suicide bombers set off their homemade bombs strapped to their bodies when they were inside trains . In 2004 , the blast occurred when the train was travelling in a tunnel , which explains why it caused more casualties than the current two blasts that ripped through trains parked at stations . Eye-witnesses said that surprisingly there was little panic among passengers and this helped avoid more casualties as thousands of people were evacuated outside . Both metro stations bombed on Monday Lubyanka and Park Kultury are busy interchange stations and are packed during rush hour . They are situated in the city centre and the blasts not only halted train service on several lines , but also paralysed all traffic above as police sealed off streets to give free passage to dozens of ambulances that rushed wounded passengers to hospital . Even as Russian authorities strengthened security and installed closed circuit TV on all stations and in trains , officials conceded it was impossible to provide 100 per cent protection to the underground transport system . Experts said it was not feasible to set up airport-style screening that could detect explosives and metal objects as this would disrupt subway traffic . However , thanks to CCTV police could promptly identify the two suicide bombers and their three accomplices and launch a manhunt for them . Interestingly , none of the metro blasts caused much damage to the subway stations themselves . On Monday , both bombed stations reopened for traffic in the afternoon . The Moscow Metro has 298.8 km of route length , 12 lines and 180 stations ; on a normal weekday it carries about 8 million passengers .