Just a 100-metre stretch in the Dadar Kabutarkhana area here shows the contrast . The place where a bomb exploded on Wednesday evening has been cordoned off . Shops on the road are closed and so is the school which stands just a wall away from the bus stop where the IED exploded . But barely 100 metres away , other shops are open and business is as usual . Yes . There was a blast there yesterday on Wednesday . We all thought initially that it was a cylinder blast . But then there was a lot of commotion . The police appeared on the scene within 15 minutes . We all shut our shops immediately after that , K.R. Jodatar , an umbrella shop owner on the unaffected side , told The Hindu . But all of them opened the shops at the usual time on Thursday morning , said Jodatar . Everything is fine now . It is just that the area is sealed by the police , so there is no traffic there . However , a sense of helplessness is evident among the same people who must have run around to help the victims on Wednesday evening . There were also some who did not bother to check what happened . We did not go to see what happened . There was no need . We saw lot of commotion and closed our shops and went home . The blast was so loud that our shop felt the brunt . Some loose soil fell off the ceiling , this place shattered , said Brahmadeo Gupta , owner of a small utilities shop near Kabutarkhana , showing the place close to where he sat . Mumbai is back on its feet . Whether it is out of compulsion or grit , who knows , said Shreerang Gandhe , a customer at a peanuts shop . Missing in action were many street vendors selling vegetables . Why ? There is fear . There is no protection for us . But what to do ? We ca n't stop working , said Bablu , a vendor . He did not know why many others did not turn up on Thursday morning . Residents in the Dadar Kabutarkhana area said no CCTV camera was installed in any of the shops on the street , where the blast occurred . It mainly has hardware and plywood shops . We have been staying here for years . There are no CCTV cameras installed in any of the shops here , said Arvind Mehta , who stays at Jayendra Bhavan , right opposite the blast site .