Nearly a year after taking up the probe into the Samjhauta Express blasts case , the National Investigation Agency on Monday filed a charge sheet in the Special Court , NIA , at Panchkula , Haryana , against five accused persons . The accused are Naba Kumar Sarkar alias Swami Asimanand , Sunil Joshi ( now dead ) , Lokesh Sharma , Sandeep Dange and Ramchandra Kalasangra alias Ramji . The blasts on the Attari Express , also known as the Samjhauta Express , near Panipat , on February 18 , 2007 , and the consequent fire in the coaches killed 68 passengers and injured 12 others . Not only Indian civilians and government officials , but also a large number of Pakistani nationals were killed and injured . A bi-weekly train that runs on Wednesdays and Sundays between Delhi and Attari in India and Lahore in Pakistan , the Samjhauta Express has played a key role in improving people-to-people contacts . The initial investigation was carried out by the Railway Police and the Haryana Police ; on July 26 last year , the Union Home Ministry handed over the probe to the NIA , which registered the case on July 29 . NIA sleuths fanned out to several parts of the country to unravel the conspiracy . Numerous witnesses and suspects were examined and material evidence was collected . The investigation , conducted over almost one year , established that the entire conspiracy was hatched between 2005 and 2007 by Swami Asimanand , Sunil Joshi and his associates such as Ramji , Sandeep Dange , Lokesh Sharma and others at different places in Gujarat , Madhya Pradesh and other States . Investigation further brought out that Swami Asimanand was quite upset with the Jehadi/terrorist attacks on temples Akshardham ( Gujarat ) , Raghunath Mandir ( Jammu ) and Sankat Mochan Mandir ( Varanasi ) . He used to give vent ' to his feelings while holding discussions with Sunil Joshi and his associates . Over a period of time , they developed a deep sense of vengeance for not only the Jehadi terrorists , but unfortunately against an entire minority community as such , the charge sheet said . Bomb for bomb theory As a result , Swami Asimanand propounded abomb ka badla bomb bomb for bomb theory . The Samjhauta Express was particularly chosen , as most of its passengers are Pakistani citizens . He not only provided financial and logistical support to the terror group which executed this dastardly act but also played a vital role in instigating and motivating his associates to undertake this terrorist act , it said . Sandeep Dange , Ramji , Lokesh Sharma and others , acting under the leadership of Sunil Joshi , were instrumental in procuring the raw materials for building Improvised Explosive Devices and getting them fabricated and planted .