It was yet another busy weekday morning for scores of lawyers and litigants who had gathered outside Gate No. 5 of the Delhi High Court on Wednesday when a deafening explosion shattered the calm . Wednesday morning was no different . People , mostly litigants , had started gathering outside the court gate around 10 a.m. for entry passes . I was standing just a few feet away from the reception counter guarding the construction material when I was suddenly thrown off by a loud explosion . There was smoke all around and nothing could be seen for the next few minutes . When the smoke dissipated , it was a heart-rending scene with pieces of flesh strewn around and blood spattered everywhere . The injured were writhing in pain and crying for help and those who were lucky to have escaped unhurt could be seen running helter-skelter causing complete chaos , said private security guard Shyam Bihari Lal , who considers himself lucky to have survived to tell the tale . Deafening sound Pradeep , a supervisor at the underground parking site opposite the spot , first mistook it for a cylinder blast at the construction site before he realised that it was a bomb blast . For me , the day had just begun and I was busy giving directions to the labourers when I heard a deafening sound . I first thought it was a cylinder blast . But then I could hear people screaming for help and rushed towards the spot . I saw people piled over each other completely soaked in blood near the counter . Such was the intensity of the blast that pieces of torn clothes and flesh could be seen hanging from trees . The scene was so gory that some of our labourers who helped the injured later complained of uneasiness themselves , said Pradeep . Police quick Within no time , several police vehicles and ambulances arrived at the spot and the injured were removed to hospitals . The response of the police was quick . There were over 30 police vehicles and ambulances outside the court within a few minutes of the blast . The ambulances inside the High Court were also pressed into service and the injured were shifted to hospitals . The labourers at the construction site also reached the spot carrying stretches and helped the rescue teams , said Sunil , who drives the car of a lawyer and was present at the spot . Witness to 2 blasts The intensity of the blast could be gauged from the fact that labourers working in an under-construction underground parking lot also felt the earth tremble . We were a group of 30 labourers working in the underground parking when the blast took place . We were several feet under the ground , but still felt the shivers , said Ghanshyam . High Court lawyer Sugreev Dubey , who was also a witness to the earlier blast at the Delhi High Court in May , said that latest blast was several times more powerful . Completely shaken I was inside the court premises waiting for my client to take an entry pass and was a few steps away from the counter when the bomb exploded . It went off with such a loud sound that I could not hear properly for a few minutes after the blast and was completely shaken . When the blast took place in May earlier , I was having a coffee at the canteen just a few meters away . But it was not half as powerful compared to the explosion today . Later in the day , All-India Congress Committee general-secretary Rahul Gandhi also paid a brief visit to the spot . Pieces of torn clothes and flesh could be seen hanging from trees , says a survivor A lawyer witness to 2 blasts in Delhi this year says this is a lot more powerful .