The Additional Director General of Police ( Law and Order ) , S. George , visited the causeway in Alampatti near Tirumangalam , where a pipe bomb was recovered , on Saturday . He was accompanied by SIT Deputy Inspector General of Police , John Nicholson , SP B. Vijayakumari and Deputy Inspector General of Police ( Dindigul Range ) Sanjay Mathur . Personnel of several wings of the State police , including the Q ' branch , the Special Intelligence Unit , Bomb Detection and Disposal squad ( BDDS ) from Chennai and Crime Branch Criminal Investigation Department and forensic experts are camping here , trying to assimilate the bits and pieces of information available with them to arrive at the motive and the people behind the criminal act . Earlier , Mr. George had a long discussion with the Commissioner , P. Kannappan , Superintendent of Police Asra Garg and other police officials here . A BDDS official said that it was for the first time he came across such a huge quantity of around eight kg of Power Gel 90 explosive planted in an act of sabotage in the State . We have come across the explosives only in the range of one to two kg . But this is huge , he added . The explosive , packed in a PVC pipe , was placed in one of the two bed-level spans under the causeway at Alampatti on the Tirumangalam-Rajapalayam highway . Since the span was narrow , the suspects connected the explosive-packed ( four-foot-long ) PVC pipe with an empty pipe ( of an identical length ) to place it right in the middle of the carriage way , a police source said . The police officials were stunned by the choice of place of the saboteurs . The bomb was planted on the downstream of the causeway . There were lot of bushes on the upstream side . Probably , they avoided it because the bush that would have provided them a good hiding spot would have also hidden the sight of the road and movement of vehicles , an officer said . While the bomb was placed on the farther side of the causeway , the trigger was placed closer to the entry to the causeway . It was placed on the farther side since the conspirators ' plan was to get maximum time and to ensure that the target vehicle was in the middle of the causeway . Besides being closer to the entry ( of the causeway with the trigger ) would help them sight the target vehicle at the earliest , the officer said . The 12-volt battery connected to some 80-metre-long wire for triggering the blast was placed inside a polythene bag to ensure that the battery was not affected by the wet condition . The police personnel were seen collecting the worn-out pieces of clothes that were used to conceal the wire that was laid on the river bed . The battery was placed amidst wild growth of reeds , which would have given a perfect cover for the saboteur and also allowed him to escape from the scene , after blasting , without being noticed by the people on the road , the officer said . Earlier , Mr. George inspected the Tirumangalam taluk police station , where the remnants of the bomb , the white PVC pipes , the green wire and the brand new battery were kept , police said . The Tirumangalam taluk police had filed a case under Section 307 of Indian Penal Code ( Attempt to murder ) and Sections 4 and 5 of Explosive Substances Act . Meanwhile , the Madurai Rural police , in a statement , said that route bandobust was provided for the convoy of Mr. Advani , police pickets were posted in sensitive areas to collect intelligence , besides checking of route by the Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad . Based on a specific information received by the Tirumangalam taluk police Sub-Inspector , Kannan , on a suspected object , the police , including the SP , rushed to the spot . It was found to be a pipe-bomb ' , which was removed safely and defused by the BDDS team . The statement added that the police team has come across various objects at the scene of crime which gave important clues for further investigation .