A suicide bomber blew himself up in Pakistan 's northwestern city of Peshawar on Wednesday , killing at least six people including a senior police officer , officials said . The blast ripped through a congested part of the city , which lies close to Pakistan 's lawless tribal areas and is frequently hit by bombings , littering the street with blood and body parts , witnesses said . Police official Badshah Khan said the bomber , who was on foot , targeted the vehicle of senior investigator Hilal Haider , killing him and a number of his colleagues . Another officer , Asif Iqbal , told AFP there were six dead including four policemen . Hospital officials and senior administration official Habibullah Arif said more than 30 people were wounded in the blast and some were in a critical condition . Witness Amin Khan described the moment the bomber struck . `` I was in a rickshaw , going to the local market to purchase tea for my shop , '' he said . `` Suddenly a deafening blast shook the area . My rickshaw was overturned . When I came out I saw smoke and dust had covered the blast site , he said . Peshawar is the capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and a gateway to the semi-autonomous tribal belt along the Afghan border , where Al-Qaeda and Taliban extremists have strongholds . There was no immediate claim of responsibility but the attack came as news of U.S. President Barack Obama 's re-election emerged . Washington is a key focus for the anger of the Islamist militants , many of whom regard the Pakistani state and its representatives , including police officers , as treacherous collaborators . During his first term as president , Obama ramped up the campaign of drone strikes in northwest Pakistan against militants Washington says are planning attacks against America and its forces in Afghanistan . In a BBC opinion poll last week , Pakistan was the only nation where Obama 's Republican rival Mitt Romney scored more highly than the president . Elsewhere on Wednesday , a roadside bomb in the tribal district of Kurram killed a police official and wounded 14 other people , local administration official Shamshad Khan said . Suicide and bomb attacks blamed on Islamist insurgents have killed more than 5,200 people across Pakis tan since July 2007 .