A detailed investigation is being carried out into the string of bombings that rocked Bodh Gaya Mahabodhi temple in Bihar , said union Minister Sushilkumar Shinde and added that the probe has been handed over to the National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) . A detailed investigation into serial bomb explosions at Bodh Gaya is going on , Shinde told media persons here after his visit to the temple complex and other places where 10 bombs exploded early on Sunday . We will investigate this incident from all angles possible . We dont want to arrest anyone in a hurry and want to go into details and arrest the main people responsible , he said . Shinde along with Congress chief Sonia Gandhi visited the temple to obtain first-hand information about the terror strike at the 1,500-year-old temple . The Bodh Gaya temple is a Unesco World Heritage site . It is where the Buddha , who was born in neighbouring Nepal , attained enlightenment around 2,550 years ago . I also condemn the bomb explosions at the holiest shrine of peace . The Bihar government wrote to the Central government on Tuesday that investigation should be handled by the NIA . We have accepted it and since Tuesday night , NIA has been investigating the case , Shinde said . We have put in a big team of NIA and NSG ( National Security Guards ) which specialises in investigating terrorism incidents , he added . Shinde said that of the 13 bombs placed at the site Sunday morning , 10 went off between 5 a.m. and 6 a.m. . It seems small gas cylinders weighing two to three kg were used , and they contained nails and ball bearings . Initial investigation shows that the bombs were placed in the night and three or four people could be involved , he said . Shinde admitted that intelligence alerts were given about terror threat to the state government before the Sunday blasts . Delhi Police had given information in October . Police DIG ( deputy inspector general of police ) had taken a security review on July 3 and spoken to the local security force here , he said . Regarding Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar 's demand to deploy Central Industrial Security Force ( CISF ) at the temple , Shinde said that the home ministry will discuss it . We will investigate this incident from all angles possibleIt seems small gas cylinders weighing 2 to 3 kg were used We will investigate this incident from all angles possible It seems small gas cylinders weighing 2 to 3 kg were used .