The Bodh Gaya Bihar blasts case was on Tuesday night handed over to the National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) . It had been assisting the Bihar police in the probe . Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar had asked the Centre to hand over the probe to the NIA and the security of the historic Buddhist temple complex to paramilitary forces . Soon after 10 bombs went off on Sunday , the Home Ministry had despatched a five-member NIA team including an officer of the DIG rank and two Superintendents of Police along with bomb experts of the National Security Guard and other forensic experts . Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde is scheduled to visit the Mahabodhi temple on Wednesday . He will be accompanied by Union Home Secretary Anil Goswami and other senior officials . He will inspect the blasts site and meet injured people . He is also likely to meet the Chief Minister and hold a security review meeting . ATS teams reach Bihar Rahi Gaikwad reports from Patna : The Anti-Terrorism Squads of Delhi , Hyderabad and Maharashtra police have arrived in Bihar even as the Bihar Cabinet on Tuesday approved and sanctioned the formation of an ATS for the State . It even notified the posts . It will have 344 personnel . ATS teams have come from these three States to examine the pattern of working of the terror outfit in question . They will be examining the chemical components of the explosives and other recoveries , a police official said . Indian Mujahideen was on the radar of the investigators . With the examination of CCTVs still under way , no concrete leads have been thrown up thus far . We had a similar squad , but now we will have an ATS with multiples wings for intelligence gathering , investigations , forensic analysis and so on . It will a well-equipped and well-trained squad headed by an Inspector General-level officer , Principal Secretary ( Home ) Amir Subhani told The Hindu . The NIA has not released Vinod Mistri , a Gaya resident . There were unconfirmed reports of four persons being detained in Patna for questioning owing to their suspicious movement as seen in CCTV footage . Police officers , however , denied any fresh detentions or arrests .