Tihar Jail authorities were on Friday directed by a Delhi court to produce before it tomorrow the two arrested Indian Mujahideen operatives whose roles are under investigation in connection with the February 21 Hyderabad twin blasts case which claimed 16 lives and left 79 injured . The National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) has moved an application seeking further custodial interrogation of Syed Maqbool and Imran Khan during which they would be confronted with another alleged IM operative Obaid-Ur-Rehman , who has been brought from Bangalore Central Jail and is presently in NIA 's custody till March 20 in connection with the case . During an in-chamber hearing , District Judge I S Mehta allowed NIA 's plea and issued production warrants against Maqbool and Imran , who are currently lodged in Tihar Jail under judicial custody , the court sources said . Conflicting statements The sources said the NIA told the court that they need to confront both Maqbool and Imran with Obaid-Ur-Rehman as some conflicting statements have been given by them during their separate interrogation . Maqbool and Imran were earlier remanded to NIA 's custody for five days by the court during which they were taken to Hyderabad in connection with the blasts . Rehman was remanded to NIA 's custody on March 13 after the agency had submitted that his custodial interrogation was required to unearth the entire conspiracy which led to the bombings . He was brought from Bangalore jail after the court had issued production warrant against him . Sources had said the NIA had told the court that Rehman was a key IM operative and he may give some vital information against the banned group 's members who were involved in the blasts . The NIA had told the court that Maqbool and Imran had revealed some important facts about the blasts , the sources had said . Maqbool and Imran were lodged in Tihar Jail after their arrest by Delhi Police in the August 2012 Pune blast case . The NIA had told the court that the duo did a recce at Hyderabad 's Dilsukhnagar area where the blasts took place . The court had also issued non-bailable warrants against IM founder Riyaz Bhatkal and nine other operatives of the banned group in connection with the Hyderabad blasts Iqbal Bhatkal , Mohsim Chaudhary , Amir Reza Khan , Shahnawaz Alam , Asadullah Akhtar , Ariz Khan , Mohd Khalid , Mirza Shadaab Beg and Mohd Sajid . According to the sources , the NIA had told the judge that the conspiracy behind the Hyderabad blasts was hatched by the IM modules and the blasts took place on the alleged instructions of Riyaz Bhatkal .