Police investigating the Dilsukhnagar twin blasts received a shot in the arm on Wednesday when they stumbled upon the video footage of a purported suspect recorded by surveillance cameras of a noted cloth store . The footage is of high quality , but , unfortunately , the suspects face does not figure in it . Yet police hope it will help them to narrow down the suspects by preparing portrait parley vis -- vis video footages recorded by other cameras . The suspect in the cloth-store cameras video footage was seen for a few minutes , but most of the time his back was towards the camera , a police officer said . Not leaving anything to chance , police had collected video footage captured by different cameras in and around Dilsukhnagar . An analysis of the visuals indicated that the bomb planters came from either the Gaddiannaram side or the lane near the Dilsukhnagar bus depot . These images raise suspicion if the tall man , wearing a pair of white socks and black shoes , who was seen always keeping his right hand in his pants pocket , used a remote control device to detonate the improvised explosive devices ( IEDs ) . Our conjecture is a timer was used to explode the IEDs , but the possibility of using the remote control device can not be ruled out , forensic experts remarked . They are sure it is not akin to the TV remote control device , which is made with infra red technology . For this , the line of sight joining the target and the control device is compulsory . Interestingly , chances are there that the radiofrequency signal technology adopted in cars to make remote control operations can be used to trigger a bomb . It can be operated from a distance of even 500 meters if a high-quality transmitter and antennas are used , experts maintained . Interestingly , so far police have not found any trace of evidence confirming that a timer was used for triggering the blasts . Investigators are yet to find traces of any of these to conclusively say that a timer mechanism was used for the detonation of IEDs .