The investigation into the 13/7 triple bombings has revealed that the two Pakistani bombers staying in Byculla 's Habib Apartments used as many as 18 SIM cards and six handsets . The revelation has sent alarm bells ringing in the force . Cops are particularly worried since a survey conducted by them last year had found that four out of 10 SIM cards in use in Mumbai were procured with forged documents , which can be gained for a paltry Rs 5 . Police sources from the Kalachowkie unit of the Anti-Terrorism Squad -LRB- ATS -RRB- told TOI that two suspected 13/7 bomberswho have been identified in court documents as ` A ' and ` B ' , but are believed to be Pakistanis named Waqqas and Tabrezwere provided 18 SIM cards by co-accused Naqi Ahmed . Naqi was first arrested by the ATS in January this year for possessing SIM cards obtained with fake documents . It was during his interrogation in this case that Naqi admitted his role in the July 13 blasts and explained the conspiracy . He also admitted working with Indian Mujahideen 's founder member Yasin Bhatkal to arrange accommodation for the bombers at Habib Apartments . ` We suspected that the bombers changed SIM cards to avoid telephonic surveillance during their stay in Mumbai . We are still collecting the call records of these SIM cards , ' a police officer said on condition of anonymity . The officer explained that a relative of Naqi ran a shop in Madanpura where he sold SIM cards . The cards for the Pakistani bombers were acquired from there after furnishing fake documents . The cards were however never used to make calls to Pakistan . Nor were any calls received on them from Pakistan . ` We are trying to find out if any other SIM was used to speak to family members or handlers in Pakistan , ' the officer said . The bombers also changed six mobile handsets to avoid leaving behind a trail of evidence . The money for the handsets was provided to Naqi by his handlers in Bihar , said a source . The revelation is a security fear come true for the police . Last year , they had found in a survey that about 40 % of the SIM cards in use in Mumbai were procured with forged documents . A subsequent investigation showed that a set of fake documentsincluding a colour photograph , a ration card and a photo identity cardrequired for obtaining a SIM card can be bought in several areas of Mumbai for as little as Rs 5 . For the survey , the police examined documents submitted for 26,450 randomly chosen SIM cards . Out of these , more than 10,000 were found to be forged . Shaken by the findings , the ATS has written to the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India -LRB- TRAI -RRB- , asking for stricter implementation of norms related to verification of documents submitted for getting SIM cards . ` While investigating serious offences , including terror attacks , we found that the accused had used SIM cards issued on bogus documents , ' said a senior ATS officer . ` We have requested TRAI to ensure stricter implementation of norms since this is a matter of national security . ' After the 13/7 blasts , the Bhiwandi police had arrested a man and seized more than 1 lakh SIM cards , all of which had been issued using fake identity documents . The police later said the accused had been selling cards to telephone booth owners , who earned lakhs using these cards . There was , however , no record of the users .