View PhotosPatna , Oct 27 : BJP 's prime ministerial candidate Narendra Modi addressed a mega BJP rally here on Sunday . The rally was preceded by a series of low-intensity blasts in the Bihar capital , which led to the death of one person . 2.30 pm . . Narendra Modi concludes his speech . Modi asks people to return home safely . You have won the heart of India . he said . Modi on Muslims and development . . Both Hindus and Muslims need to fight poverty together instead of fighting themselves . . . Kutch and Bharuch districts in Gujarat are highly developed and both have huge presence of Muslims . . . The Haj quota for Muslims in Bihar is 7,500 while the number of applications is much below that for the Muslims are poor . In Gujarat , 40,000 applications come for 4,500 seats . It is because the Muslims are happier in Gujarat . . . Modi speaks on special package for Bihar . . Bihar BJP has asked the government for 50 crore for development of the state . . . It 's just a matter of 200 days . We will pay back your affection . . . This is not only a historic rally but a rally that will set a new history , Mod said . Modi slams JD ( U ) minister for saying that one joins the army only to get killed . Will you tolerate such humiliation ? , he asks the audience . Modi takes on Congress . . Chanakya stressed unity of India . Now , we are upto dividing it internally . . . A person who used to sell tea in trains knows more problems about trains than even the rail minister and I have seen those problems more closely . . . The Congress promised to give employment to the youth . Has it done anything on this aspect ? . . The Congress had promised to curb price rise within 100 days of coming to power . Has it done anything in 10 years ? . . Dynasty is the biggest enemy of democracy . Other enemies are casteism , communal politics and opportunism . The politics in Bihar has been hit by all these evils . . . If the Congress gives up its dynastic politics , I will stop uttering the name Shahzada . . . I was seeing TV last night , our Congress friends seem very troubled that why I mention the word Shahzada . . . We must realise of the dream of Congress-free India . . . Modi targets Nitish again . . He betrayed not only with the BJP but with crores of people of Bihar . . . Our friend was told top join the Congress so that he could become the PM . . . BJP had double number of seats than JD ( U ) but still we agreed to make our friend the CM . . . Once I was with my Bihar friend on the same table during a CM 's meeting . He was apprehensive sitting with me . I assured him that there was no camera man around . Hypocrisy must have a limit . . . Narendra Modi on Lalu Prasad . . Lalu Prasad never spares me and says he will never allow me to become the PM . . . Three months ago he accident and I called Mr Lalu Prasad . . . I did not tell anything in the media but Lalu Prasad acknowledged my gesture . . . Narendra Modi tears into Nitish Kumar . . It was in 2006 when your CM & my friend came to Gujarat for a wedding , I was also there and we offered him full hospitality . . . JP and Lohia will never forgive their actions . . . Those who consider them disciples of Lohia , they have stabbed him in the back and are with Congress . . . Bihar CM has been my dear friend . When people ask me why he left you , I tell them he who leaves JP , can easily dump BJP . . . Modi speaks on Bihar 's glorious past . . Bihar has always guided the country . It gave the country personalities like Buddha , Mahavir , Guru Govind Singh & Jayaprakash Narayan . . . Who is giving the Hunkaar today ? It is the hunkaar of crores of Indians and it has emerged from Bihar . . . The history of India has two important events . One , the Satyagraha in Chamaparan and two , the Dandi March in Gujarat . . . This is not a mega rally . It is an occasion to show Bharat ki Mahashakti . . . The history of Bihar is the history of India . . . 1.35 pm . . Narendra Modi begins his address . 1.30 pm . . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh calls up Bihar CM Nitish Kumar and asks him to investigate the Patna blasts . He also condemns the blasts . 1.20 pm . . BJP president Rajnath Singh addresses . BJP does not play communal politics like Congress and JD ( U ) , he said . Singh mocked Rahul Gandhi . Do n't try to exploit the sentiments of the common people , he said . Singh asked if the PM does n't say anything , then how the CBI will make him speak ? . . Singh mocks Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . Our PM , whatever he puts his hands on that thing disappears like potatoes , onions , coal files , he said . Will look after the farmers ' interests . . . Rajnath tears in to the UPA government over price rise . You have seen a BJP government at the Centre . In 6 years , prices were not allowed to rise , he said . 1.10 pm . . Arun Jaitley speaks . There will be change in Delhi and also Patna . . . The Centre is the most corrupt government in history and its leadership has disappointed all . . . Jaitley rakes up the anti-Congress mood that prevailed in 1977 and 1989 . He speaks about leaders like Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan and Ram Manohar Lohia . On September 13 , BJP declared Modi as the PM candidate and the political landscape of the nation has changed since then . . . I have seen the elections of 1977 but the excitement and winds of change . Those who do not understand will be swept away . . . 1.05 pm . . Actor-turned-politician Shatrughan Sinha , who is the local MP , also present at the venue . He welcomes the national leaders and Modi . Modi is accompanied by BJP president Rajnath Singh and Leader of the Opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun jaitley . Both have been fecilitated . 1.00 pm . . Narendra Modi reaches venue . 12.50 pm . . A seven-member team comprising NIA and NSG personnel sent to Patna in the wake of the blasts . 12.30 pm . . Former Bihar deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi speaks . History will never forgive you . You have betrayed the people of Bihar , Modi said while attacking Nitish Kumar . Lalu and Nitish did their rallies in power . Today we are not in power but we did this rally , Modi said . More than half of the people attending the rally are youth . Youth are with us and youth are with Narendra Modi , Modi said . In my 40 years of public life , saw JP and Lalu rally and even JDU rallies but this rally has broken all records . Modi said . Seven low-intensity blasts reported from Patna in all , ahead of Modi 's address . 12.20 pm . . Narendra Modi has reached Patna . 12.10 pm . . Ravi Shankar Prasad , the Deputy Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha , speaks . This is not a BJP but the Shankhnad of the people of Bihar , Prasad said . 12.10 pm . . Another blast in Patna , this time near a cinema hall , close to the rally venue . One person died while six were injured in the twin blasts . 11.45 am . . BJP leader Giriraj Singh speaks . Giriraj Singh calls the opponents handicapped people . Nitish Kumar has fled to Munger . Let us pack him off to the house of Sonia Gandhi , Singh said . 11.45 am . . The person injured in blast in the railway station , succumbs to his injuries . The home ministry has sought report from Bihar government on the railway station blast . The police said they would question the injured person . A special train carrying people to the rally was attacked in Motihari . Over 8 lakh people are expected to turn up at the event.Eleven special trains , 6,000 buses , 126 river boats , 33 cranes , 20,000 SUVs and a giant hi-tech stage have been set up for the event . 11.40 am . . Weather is clear in Patna on Sunday . 11.40 am . . JD ( U ) spokesperson Niraj Singh said they are not responsible for the Patna blast . We had a great enjoyment in defeating Pakistan during our playing days . But the current prime minister does nothing even when Pakistanis are beheading our soldiers , Azad , an MP , said . 11.35 am . . Cricketer-turned-politician Kirti Azad speaks . Earlier , Rudy addressed the crowd in Bhojpuri . 11.30 am . . RJD blames Nitish Kumar government over the bomb explosion in Patna , says it 's a security failure . 11.30 am . . BJP leader and former Union minister Shahnawaz Hussain speaks at the Patna rally . He slams Nitish Kumar and JD ( U ) over terminating relation with the BJP and also Rahul Gandhi . Hussain concludes his speech . He and Rajiv Pratap Rudy will receive Modi at Patna airport . If the ambience is so electric now itself , just imagine what it will be like after Narendra Modi speaks , Hussain said . Nitish Kumar , what will you fight against Narendra Modi ? Sushil Kumar Modi alone is enough for you , Hussain said . Will not let division of the Muslim society like Rahul Gandhi , Hussain said . If the ambience is so electric now itself , just imagine what it will be like after Narendra Modi speaks , Hussain said . Hussain concludes his speech . He and Rajiv Pratap Rudy will receive Modi at Patna airport . 11.15 am . . People were camping in Gandhi Maidan since Saturday night and the venue was almost filled up by 8 am on Sunday . All roads leading to Gandhi Maidan , the venue of the Hunkaar Rally , have severe traffic jam . Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar will not be in Patna on Sunday . 11 am . . A crude bomb explosion in Patna railway station . One person was injured and admitted to Patna Medical College . Two more crude bombs were found . OneIndia News .