After saffron outfits like the Vishwa Hindu Parishad -LRB- VHP -RRB- , Bajrang Dal and the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh -LRB- RSS -RRB- , it is the BJP 's student wing Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad -LRB- ABVP -RRB- that has come under the scanner in the Modasa blast probe case . . . Deputy Superintendent of Police K K Mysorewala , who is heading the probe , on Monday said , `` We have summoned some active ABVP members to record their statements to take our probe forward . '' Mysorewala , however , refused to name those who have been summoned and the reason behind doing so . . . A 15-year-old boy died and several others were injured when a low-intensity bomb kept on a motorcycle went off near a mosque at the Muslim-dominated Sukka Bazaar in Modasa on September 29 . The incident took place around 9.26 pm when people were offering special Ramzan prayers -LRB- tarawih -RRB- inside the mosque . . . The Sabarkantha police , in its month-long investigations into the case , have until now recorded statements of about 500-odd people . . . `` More than 200 of these people are Hindus and include people associated with the VHP , Bajrang Dal and the RSS in Modasa . They were questioned due to their past records and not because of their association with any organisation . We have also questioned around 300 Muslims , including those associated with Islamic outfits , '' Mysorewala said . . . Sources in the police said that the recent arrest of Sadhavi Pragya Singh Thakur from Surat and the Mumbai police claiming Indore-based Hindu Jagran Manch 's hand in the Malegaon-Modasa blasts could have prompted the Gujarat Police to summon the ABVP members . . . The 15-member police team probing the blast case was banking on two things an eyewitness who could have possibly seen the person parking the bomb-laden motorcycle and forensic experts finding the original chassis number of the motorcycle . `` Unfortunately , we failed on both counts , '' a police inspector , associated with the probe , said . . . ... contd .