The state BJP on Monday accused the Nitish Kumar government of deliberately ' neglecting the security concerns about the party 's PM candidate Narendra Modi and the people who had come to participate in the rally at Gandhi Maidan on Sunday . At least six people died in the serial blasts engineered by suspected IM operatives near the rally venue as well as the railway station . A state BJP delegation would call on governor D Y Patil on Wednesday and submit him a memorandum addressed to President Pranab Mukherjee . The memorandum will give details of the security concerns and apprehensions expressed by the party in the run-up to the rally and the state government 's callous stance ' towards the same . BJP chief Mangal Pandey said the memorandum would also point out that the state government 's negligence was deliberate ' in the backdrop of the Centre 's general countrywide alert regarding the likely IM threat on October 1 and again on October 23 to various targets , including the rally in Patna on Sunday . As far as the Nitish Kumar government is concerned , its neglect of the security matters is criminal , ' former deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said , adding the terror operatives ' target was not the crowd , but Narendra Modi . Sushil Modi said a posse of Gujarat police and IB team had held advanced security liaison ( ASL ) meeting with the Bihar police top brass . The Gujarat police and IB put their mandatory signatures on the text of the understanding regarding security arrangements , but the Bihar police did not oblige them . Neither full dress rehearsal was performed nor was anti-sabotage check done in Gandhi Maidan , ' he added . Leader of opposition in the state assembly Nand Kishore Yadav said a metal detector was installed only near the stage , not at the entry points of Gandhi Maidan . On the night of October 25 , a contingent of police in the ratio of 1:4 took charge of the stage and continued there till the morning of October 27 , after which Patna DM took control of it . The administration had decided to install 11 CCTV cameras , but on the day of the rally only two could be fixed around 11am . The administration had assured to deploy police personnel for security purposes , but did not . As a result , the services of a private security agency were requisitioned , Yadav said . He said people not carrying passes were allowed to go behind the stage , and the gate of the northwestern campus of Gandhi statue was also opened . After the blast at Patna Junction , police personnel present near the stage started saying a blast had occurred , implicitly asking for winding off the rally . Had we not maintained poise , a major stampede would have occurred , ' Yadav said .