Staff Reporter . . Police custody for Kulkarni , Upadhyay . . Duo to undergo narco analysis , polygraph tests . . ATS denies torture charge . . Mumbai : The two suspects , Sameer Kulkarni and Ramesh Upadhyay , arrested by the Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad in connection with the Malegaon blast were part of a larger conspiracy , Additional Commissioner -LRB- ATS -RRB- Sukhwinder Singh told a press conference here on Wednesday . . . However , he did not reveal what the larger conspiracy was , stating it was still being investigated . . . The ATS briefing comes a day after Kulkarni , 34 , and Upadhyay , 57 , were arrested . They were produced in a Nashik court on Wednesday and remanded to police custody till November 10 . . . Both suspects are residents of Pune . Upadhyay is an ex-Army officer who retired in 1998 . . . Despite prodding by journalists , Mr. Singh said , We will not share operational details and leads -LSB- with the media -RSB- at the moment . The specific roles of the suspects will be shared later . . . Mr. Singh denied that the suspects were tortured . When journalists pointed out that Upadhyay had mentioned in the court about the use of third degree methods , he categorically refuted the charge . . . The suspects have been charged under Sections 302 -LRB- murder -RRB- , 307 -LRB- attempt to murder -RRB- , 326 -LRB- causing grievous injury with dangerous weapons -RRB- , 120B -LRB- criminal conspiracy -RRB- , 123 -LRB- concealing with intent to facilitate design to wage war -RRB- and 130 -LRB- aiding in escape of , rescuing or harbouring state prisoner -RRB- of the Indian Penal Code , and under Sections of the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act and the Explosives Act . . . PTI reports from Nashik : . . Upholding the ATS plea , civil judge P.G. Patil ordered brain-mapping , narco analysis and polygraph tests on Upadhyay and Kulkarni after the police said one of them was in touch with Sadhvi Pragya Singh Thakur , already held in the case . . . Public prosecutor Ajay Misar said it was necessary to keep the accused in 14-day police custody for investigation as a forensic report revealed the use of explosives like RDX in the September 29 Malegaon blast , which claimed six lives . . . Mr. Misar said Upadhyay and Sadhvi Pragya -LRB- a former office-bearer of the BJP student wing , Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad -RRB- had remained in communication . . . Upadhyay denied meeting her and his involvement in the blast . I shared the dais with the Sadhvi only once and did not have any communication with her for a long time since then . He said : I was in the Army and a patriot and would never involve in any anti-national activities . . . He said : I am a heart patient and if remanded I will need a daily medical check-up .