One bomb planted in a taxi went off outside the Gateway of India - the city 's most famous tourist attraction - killing at least 10 people and wounding dozens of others standing nearby . . . Another had exploded minutes earlier in a crowded jewellery market , also in the south of the city , causing a huge number of casualties . There was no immediate claim of responsibility last night - but suspicion is likely to fall on Islamist extremists , possibly taking revenge for last year 's communal riots in the neighbouring state of Gujarat , where 2,000 Muslims died . . . The blasts follow a recent thaw in relations between Pakistan and India , which has accused Islamabad of supporting Islamist militants who have carried out previous attacks on Indian soil . . . Last night India 's Hindu nationalist prime minister , Atal Bihari Vajpayee , held an emergency cabinet meeting as police put the Indian capital , New Delhi , and Gujarat 's riot-hit main city , Ahmedabad , on a state of high alert . . . Analysts warned that the blasts would damage already-strained relations between India 's majority Hindu community and the country 's 140 million Muslims . . . The first blast took place shortly after 1pm local time in the Zaveri bazaar , Bombay 's packed gold and diamond market which had just opened . The bomb was hidden inside a taxi . . . It sent debris flying across a huge area , ripping into shops . More than 30 people were killed in the explosion . . . The second blast along Bombay 's crowded seafront took place four minutes later , shattering windows in the five-star Taj Mahal Hotel 200 metres away , which is used by the city 's wealthy elite and by Bollywood film stars . The taxi which contained the bomb had been dumped in a public car park . The blast left paving stones drenched with blood and littered with abandoned shoes . . . The hotel 's communications manager , Ravi Dubey , said no guests or foreign tourists had been hurt . `` This was a terrorist attack . It was too organised to be anything else , '' he said . `` They decided to strike at an elite area . '' . . Ingrid Alva , a public relations consultant who works near the Gateway , said : `` The building we were in shook and we heard a loud noise . I rushed out and saw the crowds at the Gateway of India . We saw some body parts lying around , before we were told to move away by the police . '' . . As hospitals struggled to cope with the wounded , police rounded up suspects , including a taxi driver . . . Last night police claimed they had also discovered a large amount of explosive concealed near a railway tunnel on the outskirts of Bombay . Around 100 detonators had been hidden along a busy commuter line at Igatpuri . . . The bombings bear a grim resemblance to a wave of explosions that shook Bombay in 1993 , killing 250 people . Those blasts were blamed on groups avenging Muslim deaths in Hindu-Muslim riots after the razing of a mosque at Ayodhya in northern India . . . Yesterday India 's chief archaeological body released a report that claimed a temple had existed at the disputed religious site long before the mosque . It was not clear last night whether the report and the Bombay blasts were linked . . . .