The U.S. Ambassador to India , David C. Mulford , today offered to provide technical expertise to the Assam Government in investigating bomb attacks by militants . He had made the same offer yesterday to the Union Home Minister , Shivraj Patil . In his letter dated October 4 , faxed by the U.S. Embassy this morning , Mr. Mulford wrote to Assam Chief Minister , Tarun Gogoi , that the Federal Bureau of Investigation FBI would be pleased to provide technical support in the investigation . In this context , the United States has considerable expertise in investigative techniques including , for example , such areas as forensic analysis of explosive residues . Should you find it helpful , the FBI would be pleased to provide technical support for your investigation . I have also made this offer to Home Minister Shivraj Patil . I hope you will feel free to contact me if there is any other way that we can be helpful , ' the letter said . A copy of the letter was made available to reporters during a press conference addressed by Mr. Gogoi here this morning . The Chief Minister said he was willing to take the help of the FBI , provided the Centre agreed to it . I am for it ( taking help of the FBI ) . I will take it up with the Government of India , Mr. Gogoi said . He , however , said that it ( taking help from FBI ) can not be at the cost of national security . Offering his ` sincere condolences ' in the wake of the terrorist attacks ' in Assam over the weekend of October 2-3 , the U.S. Ambassador wished Mr. Gogoi all success in apprehending the terrorists who have carried out these senseless attacks and in restoring peace and tranquillity to Assam . Mr. Gogoi said that 30 people were killed and 190 injured in serial blasts and incidents of indiscriminate firing by the outlawed National Democratic Front of Bodoland ( NDFB ) and United Liberation Front of Asom ULFA since October 2 . Describing the situation as very disturbing , ' Mr. Gogoi said the State Government had vowed to carry on with the development activities despite the sabotage bid by militants . He , however , said that neither the Assam Government nor other States in the region could afford to be complacent as a bigger force inimical to the country had been trying to disrupt the whole of North-east . ' Mr. Gogoi said the State Government had decided to recruit 16,000 home guards and 6,000 Assam Police personnel and form 11,000 more groups of Village Defence Party VDP . It would also raise two more India Reserve Battalions to counter the militants ' new strategy of attacking soft targets . He also said vigilance committees at the village level and market level would be constituted to ensure a strict vigil by public along with the security forces . Frivolous charges ' Mr. Gogoi described as frivolous and baseless ' the former Deputy Prime Minister , L.K. Advani 's allegation that the Congress had nexus with the ULFA . It was he ( Gogoi ) who had insisted on demolition of militants ' camps in Bhutan as well as in Bangladesh and Myanmar . Instead of responding to the Governments ' appeal for unconditional talks , the militants had stepped up violence . Asked to comment on a statement by the NDFB asking its cadre to prepare for talks , the Chief Minister said that the State Government would first have to confirm the genuineness of the statement published in a section of the media . He , however , reiterated that door was always open for unconditional talks .