In fact , evidence indicates that rather than an attack to eliminate top Congress leaders , the Maoists ' target was only two PCC chief Nand Kumar Patel and Salwa Judum architect Mahendra Karma . All the others probably died in the crossfire , as Maoists later let the survivors go . They even gave water to some , including Konta MLA Kawasi Lakhma , and administered a painkiller injection to Congress leader Dr Shivnarain Dwivedi . Lakhma , who was in the same vehicle as Patel and his son Dinesh Patel ( both of whom were killed ) , corroborated this . As firing began , he , Patel , Dinesh and the four others in their vehicle hid in a roadside ditch . Some Maoists spotted us and asked us to surrender . I surrendered but did not reveal my identity ... They took us a little inside the forest and made us wait there for nearly two hours , he told The Indian Express . Around 6 pm , 90 minutes after the attack began , Maoists asked Lakhma and the others to leave , but took Patel and Dinesh away . As we turned back , we heard heavy fire ... I knew it was probably over , he said . An injured Lakhma was lucky to find a bike at the spot with the key in the ignition . Another survivor drove him to Darbha thana . The other target , Mahendra Karma , surrendered soon after his securitymen ran out of bullets . Eyewitnesses say he told the Maoists to let the others go as he was their only enemy . The rebels then took him away and beat him before killing him . We heard slogans , Mahendra Karma Murdabad ' , Lakhma said . Among those asked to leave by the Maoists soon after the attack began was Bastar Congress leader Lakheshwar Baghel . As firing began , we came out of our vehicles . They asked us to run away ... We walked for 30-40 km before reaching a village around 9 pm , he said . The tactic the Maoists employed was simple , and familiar . They first laid an ambush on the hilly , serpentine NH 221 , surrounded by thick forests , on the Bastar-Sukma border , then exploded an IED , creating a crater on the ground . As the vehicles slowed down , they opened indiscriminate fire . The massive explosion completely damaged the fourth vehicle in the convoy , a Bolero , with its pieces scattered across a large area . We tried to drive fast , but found little space . In the hurry , vehicles collided with each other and we were blocked ... could n't move backward or forward , said Ravi Kumar , one of the drivers . Some of our PSOs came out , took positions , but the Maoists had surrounded us . . . The firing continued for over 90 minutes , till the securitymen ran out of ammunition . We came out , hands on head . Maoists took us inside the forest , asked us to lie down , and asked us to leave after around 20 minutes , Kumar said . On Sunday noon , he was back at the spot , fixing his vehicle . While the state Congress 's charge of a conspiracy may be a bit misplaced , nobody is questioning the shocking security failure that made the Maoists ' task easy . Despite the important leaders that were a part of it , especially Karma , the Congress 's convoy on Saturday was travelling through this Naxal-dominated area with practically nil security . Contrast it with Chief Minister Raman Singh 's Vikas Yatra in the district , during which 3,000 cops were deployed at each rally point . Besides , while the Darbha thana and a major CRPF camp are just 10 km from the spot and police got the information about the attack within minutes , it took them nearly two hours to reach . A contingent left the thana immediately but claims they were prevented from proceeding by a Maoist blockade after a few kilometres . Maoists had blocked the road by felling trees , said a policeman who was part of the team . Bastar SP Mayank Srivastava said he had personally accompanied the contingent and they reached the spot by 6.15 pm . The attack had ended when we reached . We did not face any resistance , he said . The vehicle Shukla was in was in the middle of the convoy . On Sunday , behind the bullet-marked Land Cruiser lay a Hindi newspaper , among his other belongings . The front page carried a report on the recent Parivartan Yatra by the Congress in Bijapur attended by Union Rural Development Minister Jairam Ramesh . It carried the details of the Congress 's changing approach towards Maoists , with the headline : Goli ka jawab vikaas se denge ( Will fight bullets with development ) ' . In many ways , it summed up the story of the fight against Maoists today . Development remains elusive , bullets continue .