Front Page 12 killed as blasts rock Assam for second day . By Sushanta Talukdar and agencies . Twelve persons were killed and 58 injured in incidents of violence that rocked Assam for the second day today . The Inspector General of Police ( Special Branch ) , Khagen Sharma , said that suspected militants of the National Democratic Front of Bodoland ( NDFB ) triggered a powerful blast at a weekly market in Dhekiajuli in Darrang district . Thirty-seven persons were injured , some of them seriously . One of the injured died on the way to hospital . Three persons were killed and 10 injured in a blast in the busy vegetable market at Gouripur in Dhubri district , police said . Unofficial sources , however , claimed that five persons were killed . In another blast at a fish market at Bijni in Chirang district , one person died and eight were injured . NDFB militants triggered a blast at Gossaigaon in Kokrajhar district , in which one person was killed and two were injured . Two NDFB men were killed at Rangapara in Sonitpur district when a bomb they were carrying went off . Militants shot at a minor girl in the Baska district of Lower Assam . Army vehicle targeted . In attacks suspected to have been carried out by the United Liberation Front of Asom ( ULFA ) , four army men were killed and their vehicle was damaged in a powerful blast in Upper Assam 's Tinsukia district . Two other blasts damaged an oil pipeline at Sonari in Sibsagar district . The extent of damage to the Oil India Limited 's natural gas pipeline was unknown . Another bomb exploded at a shop in Dabosal in western Assam , wounding its owner , the District Magistrate , A.K. Bhutani , said . And in the nearby town of Chitra , suspected militants blew up an electrical transmission tower , snapping power supply to the area , he added . A militant was killed when the bomb he was carrying exploded at Puthimari under Kolaigaon police station in Udalguri district . ULFA militants exploded a bomb at Borhat in Sibsagar district , in which a tea garden labourer was killed on the spot and two were seriously injured . The district police also recovered 6 kg RDX from militants and took 10 persons into custody . The violence spread to more districts today , affecting Dhubri , Bongaigaon , Kokrajhar , Darrang , Morigaon , Chirang , Udalguri , Sonitpur , Sibsagar , Karbi Anglong , Kamrup and Nalbari . Joint attacks ' . Mr. Sharma said that the NDFB , which is demanding the creation of a sovereign Boroland , ' had carried out attacks on soft targets in a desperate bid to draw attention on its 18th raising day . The attacks had been carried out jointly by the NDFB and the ULFA . The Director General of Police , P.V. Sumant , said the groups were coordinating their operations to strike simultaneously . The Assam Police has information that they ( the NDFB and the ULFA ) do work together as seen in yesterday 's serial blasts and firings by militants across the State . We had discussions with the Union Home Minister as to how to coordinate the security operations against the outfits as they are functioning in unison , ' Mr. Sumant added . Alert sounded . Officials said maximum alert ' had been sounded in the areas where the NDFB was active . Additional security forces had been deployed and security along railway tracks intensified following apprehensions that the militants could target trains .