The Bodh Gaya temple complex in Bihar was rocked by a series of explosions on Sunday morning . Over a hundred worshippers had just finished 30 minutes of chanting and a few were entering the temple complex a UNESCO World Heritage site associated with the Buddhas enlightenment when the first blast occurred at 5:45 a.m. Nine explosions followed in the next hour four at temple sites and five in a 500-meter radius . The Special Task Force ( STF ) of the Kolkata Police is looking into whether a man held here late on Saturday evening and suspected to have links with the banned terrorist outfit , the Indian Mujahideen , is involved in the Bodh Gaya serial blasts . Anwar Hussain Mullick ( 42 ) was arrested from a bus stop in the heart of the city with explosives and fake Indian currency notes , senior officials of the STF said on Sunday . He is a resident of Chapra in West Bengals Nadia district bordering Bangladesh . He has been remanded in police custody till July 20 . Vilsagga ( 30 ) , a student monk from Myanmar who began his PhD in Buddhist Studies at Magadh University last month , and Tenzing Dorjee ( 60 ) , a retired soldier who now supervises the Ningma Tibetan monastery , were both praying near the Bodhi tree and suffered serious injuries in a blast . A 3-kg cylinder with Trinitrotoluene ( TNT ) and ammonium nitrate was later recovered from under the sacred tree a peepal tree where the Buddha is believed to have attained enlightenment in 6th century BC . The tree was not damaged though . The seven-story shikhar , a pyramidal structure that forms the main sanctum , as well as the other shrines at the site were intact . I had been meditating for ten minutes when there was a loud sound . My face and my hand hurt as I tried to make my way to the gate , Vilsagga spoke with difficulty as he lay in maroon robes in the Intensive Care Unit of the AN Magadha Medical College after being treated for soft-tissue injuries and splinter injuries on his face and arms . The police cordoned off the area as senior officials and politicians began arriving from Gaya , 12 kms away , and from Patna . The area will remain cordoned off till the National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) team examines the area , said Director General of Police Bihar Abhayanand adding that the NIA team had difficulty in landing near Gaya because of bad weather . We have provided extra security as requested by the temple management committee and are examining the area for evidence , he added . All shops and most hotels remained closed . A group of monks lined up for evening prayers at 6 p.m. and were allowed inside the temple complex . Chief Minister Nitish Kumar reached Bodh Gaya from Patna at 10:45 am in the morning and visited the temple complex as well as the injured being treated in Gaya . This is very unfortunate . We have requested the central government for the Central Industrial Security Force to be deployed as well as for help from the NIA in investigations , he said . Even as policemen , Central Reserve Police Force personnel , staff of Forensic Laboratory remained stationed at the complex , BJP workers staged demonstrations twice shouting slogans against the JD ( U ) government . The BJP called a bandh for Monday . At 6 p.m. , more than 50 BJP workers burnt an effigy of the Chief Minister Kumar near the temple . Congress workers criticised the BJP saying the party was using the incident to score politically . Senior police officials said that despite allegations by political parties , there was no intelligence failure on the part of the police . According to SP Narendra Kumar , there were 20 policemen and 38 guards of the Bodh Gaya Temple Management Committee posted at the main temple on Saturday . The southern wall of the temple complex is low and they may have used this wall to climb into the main complex between 3:30 -4 a.m. , said Mr. Kumar .