PATNA/NEW DELHI : The political campaign for the 2014 election took a frightening turn on Sunday when six persons were killed and around 100 injured at the crowded venue of Narendra Modi 's rally here in a suspected terror attack designed to inflict mass casualties . Eight explosive devices with timers went off between 9.30 am and 12.25 pm as part of a serial bomb attack suspected to be the handiwork of Indian Mujahideen ( IM ) . Four alleged operatives of the outfit have been detained , one of whom is in critical condition after being caught in a blast . During interrogation , they reportedly told the police that they had staged the attack in retaliation for the Muzaffarnagar riots . They are also said to have named the IM module involved in the Bodh Gaya blasts . The names of the four detained are Imtiaz Ansari , Ainul , Akhtar and Kaleem . Ansari , a resident of Ranchi , was apprehended at the railway station just after the first two bombs went off . He was apparently planning to plant some more bombs but panicked when he saw the police and bomb disposal squad . On being challenged , he tried to flee but was arrested . The investigators then got incredibly lucky . Ansari had been asked by his handlers not to carry a mobile phone . So he had jotted down phone numbers of a dozen conspirators on a piece of paper , which fell into the hands of the cops and helped them track down some of the others . One of them , Ainul , who is critical , was initially believed to be a victim of the railway station blasts before it emerged that he was also part of the conspiracy . Six of the bombs went off inside and near Gandhi Maidan , the sprawling rally venue . The remaining two blasts took place inside a public convenience complex at Patna Junction when trains , including special ones hired by the BJP , were disgorging rallyists . The police officially said there was only one blast inside the railway station , but sources insisted there were two . A bigger tragedy was averted only because the fortitude of the massive crowd ensured that there was no stampede : a horrific prospect that could have killed hundreds . Modi and other BJP leaders helped . The Gujarat CM , who defied the advice of Gujarat Police to address the Hunkar rally , as well as other BJP leaders made no mention of the outrage in their speeches , with the crowds taking the exploding improvised explosive devices ( IEDs ) in their midst for firecrackers . Rajnath Singh and Arun Jaitley apparently favoured going ahead with the rally without mentioning the blast as they feared that calling it off would have led to panic and a stampede . The Hindutva leader , who spoke for less than an hour after the last explosion at Gandhi Maidan , ended his speech by exhorting the audience to maintain peace and unity at all costs . There should be no stain on Bihar 's reputation and peace must be maintained across the country , ' he said . Reports from Ranchi said the Jharkhand police also detained two suspected IM operatives in this connection and seized explosives and a picture of Osama bin Laden from their possession . Talking to reporters , Bihar CM Nitish Kumar confirmed that documents found on Ansari had given the investigators important leads . Kumar , who was attacked by the BJP for not providing security at the rally venue , said police were working on the basis of telephone numbers Ansari was carrying , and claimed that the case would be worked out shortly . According to sources , Ansari and other members of the gang had ringed the venue with explosives in the morning when the participants had already started congregating . The explosives were planted in a clockwise manner , starting with a spot bang across the Police Control Room . Sources quoted Ansari as telling his interrogators that the IM module took care not to plant the explosives in the night , fearing that dew would dampen the IEDs which were said to be similar to those used in the Bodh Gaya blasts . Talking to reporters , the Bihar CM and his DGP Abhayanand were at pains to stress that there were no lapses on the government 's part . Kumar said the rally organizers were extended all assistance sought by them , adding that BJP had expressed no apprehension of a terror attack . The police chief also claimed that standard operating procedures laid down for the purpose were scrupulously followed . However , BJP leaders accused them of laxity and indifference , saying that even elementary precaution setting up adequate number of frisking points and anti-sabotage checks was not taken . Also , while the Bihar CM claimed that there was no intelligence alert , sources in the police said that IB had warned them about a possible terror attack on the rally .