The President , A.P.J. Abdul Kalam , has condoled the loss of lives in a series of bomb blasts and militant attacks at Dimapur in Nagaland and in Assam yesterday . In separate condolence messages to the Assam Chief Minister , Tarun Gogoi , and the Nagaland Chief Minister , Neiphiu Rio , Mr. Kalam said that the acts of violence are to be condemned and are reprehensible acts of people who do not value innocent human lives , even those of women and children . I fervently hope that permanent peace will return to the State soon . I am sure the State Governments have made all arrangements to treat the injured and provide succour to the families of those who have lost their loved ones , ' he said . Strategy sought . The Communist Party of India , the Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) and the Bharatiya Janata Party have condemned the blasts and called upon the Centre , the State Governments and the authorities to work out a strategy to counter such incidents . In a statement here today , the CPI ( M ) Polit Bureau said that the Central Government should immediately convene meetings with the State Governments and other authorities in the North-East to work out a strategy . Expressing shock and condemning the Nagaland blasts , the CPI ( M ) said that the premeditated manner ' in which the bombs were placed at the railway station and the market showed the aim of the attacks is to disrupt peaceful atmosphere in the State . ' On the attacks in Assam , they said , All attempts to foment ethnic conflicts through such violent attacks have no support from the common people . The growing trend of extremist groups resorting to indiscriminate violence in Assam must be countered by firm action and popular mobilisation to isolate them . Talk to State Governments . The CPI urged the Home Minister , Shivraj Patil , now visiting Assam and Nagaland , to talk to the State Governments and other authorities and evolve a strategy to counter the insurgency and prevent further deterioration of the situation . It is also necessary to take fresh political initiatives to restore normality and tranquillity in the entire North-East region , the party said . Condemning the incidents , the BJP Parliamentary Party spokesman , Vijay Kumar Malhotra , said : It appears that the Government does not seem to be very sensitive towards the internal security issues . Beginning with Manipur and now Nagaland and Assam , the whole of North-East seems to be burning . . PTI and UNI report from Guwahati : . The BJP in Assam today said that yesterday was a black day ' for the State and alleged that the Congress Government in the State had lost the moral right to continue . The day was a black day for the State when many innocent lives were lost and the Government just remained a mute spectator , ' a spokesman for the party 's State unit , Dhruba Baishya , said . He alleged that the State Government was directionless ' and had no policies to deal with militancy . The All-Bodo Students Union ( ABSU ) has called for a 12-hour Assam bandh tomorrow to protest against the killing of innocent people . Several other organisations have also condemned the killings and extended support to tomorrow 's bandh .