BANGALORE : Tehsin Akhtar alias Monu , the Indian Mujahideen operative who allegedly masterminded Sunday 's Patna serial blasts , is suspected to have been trained in bomb-making by Yasin Bhatkal , the IM co-founder who is currently in custody . IM member Imtiaz Ansari , another suspect arrested for the Patna blasts , has told interrogators that Yasin anointed Tehsin as his successor after his satisfactory ' performance , according to police sources . Tehsin hails from Bihar 's Maniyarpur village . He met Yasin and Riyaz Bhatkal at a madrasa there in 2005 . In the beginning , Tehsin took care of the IM founder-leaders by arranging their shelter , transport and other daily needs . Impressed by his dedication and commitment , Yasin asked him to join them , ' a source said . Tehsin later became a vital operative who identified places in northern India as potential blast sites . Target the South ' Yasin Bhatkal is believed to have told Tehsin that southern states should be targeted with bigger explosions . That 's why Tehsin started visiting Mangalore and stayed there for sometime , and also Koppa in Chikmagalur district . It was in Koppa where he and others experimented with a few explosives , ' said the source . He used explosive material commonly available in neighbourhood markets . In early 2012 , Tehsin used a local booth near Koppa bus stand to make calls to a mobile phone in Bangalore . That number is now defunct , ' the source said . On the day Delhi police arrested Yasin , Tehsin was in Mangalore . Soon after electronic channels aired the news of Yasin 's arrest , Tehsin fled leaving behind explosive material which were recovered by sleuths of the National Investigating Agency ( NIA ) later , ' said a police office . During March-April this year , Tehsin frequently shuttled between Mangalore and Bhatkal town . We believe Tehsin was all alone in the flat during those months and he visited Bhatkal by a private bus . We have recovered a few private bus tickets from the flat , ' said a source .