Musharraf said the leaders of India and Pakistan had to `` move forward undeterred '' in their efforts to resolve disputes and establish lasting peace . . . Pakistan 's foreign minister said earlier he was going ahead with a trip to India as planned on Tuesday despite the blasts on the Pakistan-bound train . . . `` We will not allow elements which want to sabotage the ongoing peace process to succeed in their nefarious designs , '' Musharraf said in a statement . . . Nuclear-armed India and Pakistan have fought three wars since 1947 and nearly went to war a fourth time in 2002 . . . Relations have improved since they launched a peace process at the beginning of 2004 , although they have yet to make any significant progress in their central dispute over the divided Himalayan region of Kashmir . . . India has blamed previous bomb attacks on Islamist militants linked to Pakistan , casting a pall over peace efforts . . . Officials in India also said the attack on the train at around midnight on Sunday appeared to be an attempt to undermine the peace process . . . Musharraf said the `` heinous crime '' would have the opposite effect . . . `` Such wanton acts of terrorism will only serve to further strengthen our resolve to attain the mutually desired objective of sustainable peace between the two countries , '' he said . . . Pakistani Foreign Minister Khursheed Mehmood Kasuri said his trip to India on Tuesday was still on . . . `` I will be leaving tomorrow for Delhi to further the peace process , '' Kasuri told reporters in the Pakistani capital . . . `` In fact , if at all , we should hasten the peace process . '' . . The train service links New Delhi with the eastern Pakistani city of Lahore , although passengers have to get down at the border and cross on foot before boarding another train for their destination . . . Pakistani Railways Minister Sheikh Rashid Ahmed said there were 757 passengers on board the train , 553 of them Pakistanis . . . He said Pakistan , for its part , would continue the train service as scheduled on Monday , although security would be stepped up on the Pakistani leg of the journey . . . The Indian High Commission in Islamabad said arrangements had been made to process visas immediately for relatives of people on the train wishing to go to India . A temporary visa office was also being set up in Lahore .