Devesh K. Pandey . . TV news channel Aaj Tak claims it received two e-mails on Thursday warning about the explosions . . NEW DELHI : A high alert has been sounded in the Capital and the borders sealed in the wake of the twin explosions inside the Jama Masjid on Friday . . . Even as the police launched a hunt for the culprits , Hindi TV news channel Aaj Tak claimed that it received two e-mails on Thursday warning that a conspiracy was being hatched to carry out explosions inside the Jama Masjid . Soon after the blasts on Friday , the Hindi news channel received another e-mail that said : ' I had warned you . ' The police are now trying to trace the person who sent the e-mails . . . Patrolling intensified . . Additional forces were deployed in the walled city to control the huge crowds that gathered outside the Jama Masjid after the blasts . The Rapid Action Force was also deployed . The district police heads were directed to intensify patrolling and enhance deployment at religious places . . . Senior police officers held meetings with community leaders , urging them to maintain harmony in their areas and prevent the spread of rumours . . . Police teams formed . . After the crowds dispersed from the Jama Masjid , four police teamswere formed to make enquiries at guesthouses and hotels in the walled city . The Special Cell of the Delhi police was asked to scan mobile phone calls made from the Jama Masjid area before and after the explosions . . . The police also sought help from their counterparts in Uttar Pradesh . The statements of the injured would be recorded to get evidence . ` There were not many people near the mosque 's tank where the blasts took place . We are trying to contact them to find out if they had seen anyone planting the bombs , ' said a police officer . . . Crude devices . . The bombs used in the twin blasts appear to be similar to the ones used by the Pakistan-based top Lashkar-e-Taiba -LRB- LeT -RRB- militant , Abdul Karim Tunda , to trigger explosions in the Capital way back in 1996-98 . . . Initial investigations have indicated that no timer device was used in the bombs , creating a strong suspicion that chemicals -- readily available in the market -- were used to prepare them . The technique of manufacturing such crude bombs was popularised by Tunda in the mid-1990s . . . The police suspect that similar bombs were used in the explosions at Jama Masjid on Friday . . . Though the police are probing the role of all the extremist outfits , it is learnt that for the time being they are concentrating more on local groups suspected to be operating from Delhi or neighbouring Uttar Pradesh . . . ` The nature of injuries and fewer number of casualties suggest that the explosions were carried out just to create terror . The real motive behind the blasts was not to kill but to send across some message , ' said a police officer .