Jorhat/Dibrugarh , Dec. 17 : A schoolgirl was killed and 17 others injured in a bomb blast near Amolapatty railway crossing along National Highway 37 in Dibrugarh town around 5.15 pm today . . . The victim has been identified as Purnima Rajak , 14 , a resident of Amolapatty and a Class X student of Surajmal Jalan Balika Siksha Sadan in Dibrugarh town . She was to appear for her HSLC examination early next year . . . The injured were rushed to the Assam Medical College and Hospital , Dibrugarh , where they are said to be out of danger . They have been identified as Bhairon Shah , Dalim Shah , Paramananda Yadav , Kishor Roy , Babu Das , Shahnawaj Hussain , Ankit Jalan , Sariful Hussain , Abdul Karim , Khursid Ali , Kamal Gupta , Bikki Rabidas , Hira Ballav Deka , Rashmi Roy , Altaf Hussain and Tutu Ahmed . One of the injured persons is yet to be identified . . . Among the injured , 14 are from Dibrugarh while Sha-nawaj Hussain is from Bongaigaon and Bikki Rabidas from Sivasagar district . . . Police said investigations were on to find out the nature of the blast and have not ruled out the hand of militant outfits like Ulfa ( I ) or Maoists . Top district police and civil officials have rushed to the spot . . . Deputy superintendent of police Robin Gohain said , We suspect Ulfa could be behind the attack . A probe is on and we will be able to crack the case very soon . . . The bomb is suspected to have been planted in a dustbin near an electric pole and the whole area was engulfed in smoke after the blast . There is a market nearby . . . A senior police official said there was no power supply in the area at the time of the explosion and those who planted the bomb took advantage of the darkness . . . Dibrugarh deputy commissioner Aruna Rajoria told The Telegraph that preliminary investigation indicates that the explosion was caused by a crude bomb . . . She said samples have been collected from the blast site and are being sent to the state Forensic Science Laboratory in Guwahati to determine the nature of the explosives . . . Rajoria said compensation of Rs 3 lakh would be given to the next of kin of the dead according to government rules . . . DoNER minister and Dibrugarh MP Paban Singh Ghatowar and the AGP have condemned the incident . Ghatowar said he had not heard about such incidents in Dibrugarh and asked the government to tighten security . . . Home secretary G.D. Tripathi told The Telegraph that one person was killed and 11 injured .