GUWAHATI : In another gruesome bomb explosion triggered by suspected ULFA militants in the Lower Assam township of Nalbari , around 7 people were killed and over 55 people were injured on Sunday . . . Nalbari which is 70 km away from capital city Guwahati was once the bastion of the ULFA . However , over the years , it has turned out to be peaceful place . On Sunday , at around 9.55 am , close to the Nalbari police station , which is in the heart of the town , an explosion took place . The bomb was concealed in a bicycle . . . Just 15 minutes later , another powerful explosion took place around 20 feet away from the spot of the first explosion . Five people died on spot . There was complete confusion and chaos in the township . . . Sources in intelligence agencies added , `` Already , inputs were there that nine member bombers from ULFA have sneaked to Nalbari with the specific task of carrying out subversive activities prior to the Protest Day on November 27 . These cadres have sneaked in from Myanmar , Bhutan and Nagaland . The details of these cadres were provided in Assam police website . '' . . Sources further said , `` The nine cadres are Bosa Singh , Pinku Phukon , Upen Borgohain , Bimal Kalita , Swadhin Ray , Rajani Kanta Singha , Pulak Bharali , Hitesh Ray and Akon Moran . '' . . The outfit observes November 27 as Protest Day following launching of operation against the outfit on 1991 and declaration of the outfit as banned . . . Superintendent of police of the district , Jitmol Doley , told ET , `` The first bomb was kept in a bicycle . Our investigation is on and only after investigations , can we say with certainty what was used to trigger the explosions . '' . . Sources in the police are not ruling the possibility of the twin explosions being triggered as retaliatory attacks as two of the outfit 's leaders -- self-styled foreign secretary Sasha Choudhury and finance secretary Chitrabon Hazarika were picked up by security forces . Both the leaders are presently under police custody in Assam . . . Already , ULFA militants have demonstrated their retaliatory postures when they blew up wagons of a tanker train carrying high-speed diesel ( HSD ) and petrol early this week . Goods from the Numaligarh Refinery Limited were heading to Panki in Uttar Pradesh . . . Hira Saraniya , commander of ULFA 's 709 battalion , the battalion which has been believed to have masterminded Sunday 's attack , called up media houses and claimed that the ULFA has no role in the explosions . . . He argued that ULFA has the capability of triggering explosions at any place . However , with the process being initiated for starting peace talks with the government and ULFA , this may be the handiwork of a third force . . . He stated that ULFA has never targeted innocent people . A senior official in the state police , however , is not ready to buy this argument . `` Whenever there is human casualty , the ULFA denies it . There is nothing unusual in it . They are escaping from incurring public wrath . '' . . Sources in the police said three explosions in less than a week 's time might be an attempt of the ULFA to show their strength . `` They want to show that they are capable of carrying out big strikes despite the arrest of two leaders . They want to convey the message that the outfit has enough fire power . '' . . Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi , who is in New Delhi , condemned the twin blast . He said those responsible for it would be apprehended . `` I have directed the district authorities to launch a massive operation and nab those involved in the bomb blasts immediately . '' . . This explosion has taken at a time when the People 's Committee for Peace Initiatives in Assam ( PCPIA ) , an umbrella body of 28 different organizations of the state , was readying to take a delegation to New Delhi for pressurizing the Centre to start the peace process with banned outfit , ULFA . The delegation is likely to visit the state capital on November 22 to meet the Prime Minister and the union home minister , the leader of the opposition and leaders of North East MPs ' Forum .