Staff Reporter . . Bomb was made using PETN SIM card will be of little use ? . . HYDERABAD : The city police on Monday formed a special team , headed by Joint Commissioner -LRB- Administration -RRB- Harish Kumar Gupta to investigate into the blast at Mecca Masjid . . . A time limit of 60 days was fixed for completion of the investigation . . . Officials of counter intelligence , cyber crime investigation unit of the CID , a couple of forensic experts and officers of the rank of Inspectors and SIs would assist Mr. Gupta in tracking down the culprits behind the blast . . . The team is probing the case from different angles . Based on the reports of forensic experts that the bomb was made using pentaerythritol tetran -LRB- PETN -RRB- and triggered using alarm facility in mobile phone , investigators are collecting details of earlier incidents in which such improvised explosive devices -LRB- IEDs -RRB- were used . . . Important lead . . The SIM card that was found connected to an unexploded bomb on the mosque premises became another important lead for police . However , they are sceptical of this clue helping them achieve a breakthrough . . . Even ordinary offenders are taking care not to use same mobile phone for long periods for the fear being tracked down . . . ` When they plan to trigger blasts using mobile phones , they must be aware how police track them using SIM cards . They SIM card could be a new one and hence will be of little help in investigation , ' police said . . . Another angle police are focussing on is the possible connection of the masjid blast to the explosions in Malegaon in Maharashtra and Jama Masjid of Delhi last year . . . At all the three places , explosions were triggered either inside the mosques or places close to them . . . Use of IEDs . . It is found that while crude and low-intensity bombs were used in Jama Masjid , IEDs were used both in Delhi and Hyderabad . . . Since suspicions centred on involvement of Hyderabadi Shahed alias Bilal , an alleged ISI agent operating from abroad , police are grilling his relatives and family members to ascertain whether he contacted any of them in the recent past .