After a brief lull , the ULFA and the Bodo militant outfit , NDFB , carried out a number of attacks in upper and lower Assam on Friday night , killing four persons . A bomb detonated around 9 a.m. by the NDFB militants snapped the rail link between Assam and the rest of the country . Nine wagons of a cement-laden goods train were derailed in the blast between Fakiragram and Kokrajhar stations . It is suspected that the militants ' target was a passenger train which had passed that area 15 minutes earlier . Railway officials said here today that the line restoration work had started but might take another 48 hours to restore the link . In another incident , militants fired at an armed police post at nearby Sesapani and the exchange of fire continued for 20 minutes . None was injured . The ULFA hijacked an Oil India Ltd. staff bus at Nagajan in Tinsukia on Friday night and drove it to a CISF camp . As a havildar opened the gate , he was shot dead . Another jawan was injured and died later . In the retaliatory fire by the CISF jawans , one militant was killed , while the others escaped . Earlier , they threw a rocket-propelled grenade on an oil tanker which was empty . Later , at Panbari in Dhubri the ULFA attacked a CRPF post . One militant was killed while a civilian driver and two CRPF jawans were injured . Senior civil and police officials met here this afternoon and reviewed the security scenario in view of the stepped up activities of the militants . Rocket attacks on security forces . For the first time in Tripura , militants used rockets to attack security forces even as they killed four persons in separate incidents since last night , police said today . Two groups of the banned All-Tripura Tiger Force ( ATTF ) fired rockets at a CRPF camp in Jirania and the battalion headquarters of Tripura State Rifles in the same area last night , the police said . The attacks appeared to be planned as the rockets were fired at the same time . No casualty was reported in the rocket attack .