A five-year-old boy was killed and 22 other passengers , the driver and the assistant driver of the Kolkata-bound 2518 Garib Rath were injured when the engine , along with a power car and five passenger coaches , derailed after a blast on the track between Chautara and Gosaigaon Hat station in lower Assam 's Kokrajhar district in early hours of Thursday . The victim has been identified as Durlabh Chetia of Guwahati . His body was brought home later in the afternoon . The train left the Guwahati station at 9 p.m. on Wednesday and the blast occurred at 2.20 a.m. on Thursday . Another blast occurred on the track at Batasipur in Sonitpur district but there was no casualty . Security forces recovered a powerful bomb from a railway bridge at Pachnoi in the district . The National Democratic Front of Boroland ( Ranjan Daimary faction ) has claimed responsibility for the serial blasts on the track and warned of carrying out more such attacks . It asked the people of northeast not to undertake train journey . In a statement issued through e-mail , Publicity and Information Secretary of the insurgent outfit B. Ohnjalu said the Boroland Army , carried out the blasts as it lost its patience over randomly killing of innocent Bodo youth in the name of the NDFB and unequal treatment to its chief Ranjan Daimary , who is now in judicial custody.Security forces recovered four bombs in the past 24 hours . The police have urged the people to be vigilant and cautioned that Guwahati may one of the prime targets of the insurgent outfit . The blast occurred hours after the State government sounded a red alert on Wednesday following intelligence inputs that an NDFB ( Ranjan Daimary faction ) hit squad has entered the State in a bid to carry out sabotage activities , including serial blasts on railway track , targeting passenger trains . Following the State government advice , the Northeast Frontier Railway ( NFR ) either cancelled or rescheduled running of several passenger trains on Wednesday night . Chief Public Relations Officer ( CPRO ) of the Northeast Frontier Railway ( NFR ) S. Hajong said an accident relief medical team , led by Divisional Railway Manager of the Alipurduar Division , had reached the site . NFR general manager Shiv Kumar , along with senior officials , left for the accident site to supervise relief and rescue operations . Trains cancelled Following the blast , the NFR cancelled running of seven pairs of passenger trains on the Rangiya Mukongselek section and another seven pairs of passenger trains on Rangiya-New Bongaigaon with effect from Thursday until further security advice . The NFR also diverted all passenger carrying trains to Kamakhya-Goalpara town-New Bongaigaon route . OPEN