Staff Reporter Kolkata : Suspected Maoists triggered an explosion on the railway track between Midnapur and Bhadutala stations in West Bengal 's Paschim Medinipur district in the wee hours of Tuesday , the second day of the 48-hour bandh called by the Left-wing extremists . Train services on the Midnapur-Adra section of South Eastern Railway were affected by the blast and normalcy could be restored only at 9-15 a.m. . The bandh had been called by the Maoists in West Bengal , Jharkhand and Orissa in support of the demand to produce four of their arrested cadres at a court . The cadres were reportedly arrested from the Lalgarh region of Paschim Medinipur district two weeks back . Dilip Kumar Mitra , Additional Director-General ( Railways ) , told The Hindu that the blast occurred little before the pilot engine that precedes the Chakradharpur Passenger was passing through the spot . Trains stranded There was a crack of one foot . The driver of the patrol engine noticed a jerk and some irregularity in the tracks while passing through the spot and immediately alerted the authorities . Train services were subsequently stopped on both the up and down lines and police , paramilitary and bomb squad personnel rushed to the spot , he said . The rebels had reportedly also kept two steel tiffin carriers at two ends of the blast site though they were found to be empty . According to the South Eastern Railway authorities , the Neelachal Express and two passenger trains were stranded at various stations due to the blast . Manpower shortage The very stretch of railway tracks where the blast took place on Tuesday has witnessed three incidents of Maoist sabotage since 2008 . It is suspected that it was the spot from where the landmine explosion on Chief Minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee 's convoy was triggered on November 2 , 2008 , while he was on his way back to the city after laying the foundation stone for a steel project at Salboni . Asked if the State Government was mulling over foot patrolling the stretch during such bandhs , Mr. Mitra said : There is a manpower shortage and we are pulling up our resources to do the best we can . OPEN