Chief Minister Ashok Chavan on Wednesday announced an award of Rs . 5 lakh for the Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad team which cracked the German Bakery blast case by arresting Mirza Himayat Baig ( 29 ) from Pune and Sheikh Lalbaba Mohammad Hussain Farid alias Bilal in Nashik . Declaring the case solved , Home Minister R.R. Patil said : I congratulate the Maharashtra ATS and other national agencies involved in the investigation . The Chief Minister will soon felicitate the ATS team . Narrating the sequence of events before the February 13 blast , ATS chief Rakesh Maria told presspersons here that the conspirators Mohsin Chaudhary , Mohammad Ahmed Zarar Siddibappa alias Yasin alias Shah Rukh and Baig brought the explosives to Global Internet Caf , run by Baig at Udgir in Latur district , between 1 and 5 a.m. on February 7 and fabricated the bomb there . On February 13 , Yasin and Baig , carrying the bomb , travelled to Pune by bus , and planted the bomb in the bakery . However , the CCTV in the bakery did not capture Baig . Mr. Maria said the person in the footage was Yasin as he entered the bakery , while Baig waited outside . The ATS chief said the accused used a Nokia mobile alarm to set off the bomb , which went off around 7.30 p.m. Baig was previously involved in two cases one a 2008 UAPA ( Unlawful Activities Prevention Act ) case of the ATS in Pune and the other under the Arms Act . He had gone to Bhatkal for training . Iqbal and Riyaz Shahbandari known as the Bhatkal brothers sheltered him when he was on the run for his involvement in the two cases , Mr. Maria said . He is from the original Fayyaz Qazi and Zabiuddin Ansari module , which was involved in a May 2006 arms haul case -LSB- in Aurangabad -RSB- . He was part of that group , the ATS chief said . Originally a resident of Beed district in Maharashtra , Baig settled in Udgir . He failed in the B.A. second year examination . He was close to Fayyaz Qazi and Zabiuddin Ansari . Reconnaissance Bilal ( 27 ) was arrested at 8.45 p.m. on Tuesday from Ashoknagar , Satpur in Nashik , for doing a recce of vital government installations there . He was a resident of Hotgi in Solapur district . He set up an Indian Mujahideen sleeper cell in Nashik and was trained by the Lashkar-e-Taiba in Pakistan from January 2008 to early 2010 . In these two years , he did not officially come back to India . But according to our information , he crossed the border thrice twice via Bangladesh and once via Nepal . He has failed in B.Sc . first year examination , Mr. Maria said . The ATS seized from Bilal two kg of RDX , LeT literature , soldering wires , cutters , booklets on bomb-making , SIM cards , fake documents used for getting SIM cards , mobile phones , pen drives and $ 1,300 and Rs . 10,500 in cash . He has got the U.S. dollars from Pakistan , ATS officer Sukhwinder Singh said . According to the ATS ' preliminary information , Bilal was not directly involved in planning or executing the bakery blast . His prime objective was to recce government buildings . He carried many fake documents . He also possessed a driving licence , a residential certificate and other documents all under fake identities , Mr. Maria said . Police custody Baig was produced before a court in Pune on Wednesday afternoon and was remanded to 14-day police custody till September 20 . A Nashik court remanded Bilal to police custody till September 14 . The ATS is on the lookout for Mohsin and Yasin . The probe took ATS teams to Karnataka , Andhra Pradesh , Kerala , Uttar Pradesh , Gujarat , Daman and Diu , Tamil Nadu and New Delhi . OPEN