Special Correspondent JAIPUR : The much-awaited trial in the May 2008 Jaipur serial blasts case is likely to begin in a Special Court here on April 10 , nearly 18 months after the accused were arrested from different towns in Uttar Pradesh following the controversial Batla House encounter in Delhi , in which two young men were killed . Though the Special Court was established at the Bani Park Courts Complex here in December last year and a presiding officer of the rank of District and Sessions Judge was appointed to it , it was not functioning for want of infrastructure and staff . Only recently , the Rajasthan High Court has ordered transfer of case files to it with the first hearing scheduled for April 10 . The Supreme Court had on February 22 issued notices to several States , including Rajasthan , asking them about the progress of special courts for speedy trial of terror cases . The notices were issued on a petition moved by nine accused in blasts cases across the country lodged in the Sabarmati Central Jail in Gujarat . The matter has been pending in the court of the Additional District Judge ( Fast Track ) No. 1 , where the trial in a related case of 13 persons from Kota , Baran and Jodhpur facing charges of involvement in the conspiracy for blasts and taking part in the activities of the banned Students Islamic Movement of India is in progress . The accused in the main case , in which eight FIRs have been registered , are Shahbaz Ahmed from Lucknow and Mohammed Sarvar and Saif-ur-Rehman from Azamgarh , who have been arraigned on the basis of interrogation of Mohammed Saif arrested from L-18 flat of Batla House in Delhi after the encounter on September 19 , 2008 in mysterious circumstances . The Anti-Terrorism Squad ( ATS ) of Rajasthan police has obtained arrest warrants against several others with the claim that they are absconding , while some of the accused face charges of involvement in bomb blasts in Delhi and Ahmedabad as well . Mohammed Saif is an accused in as many as 40 blasts-related FIRs . The prosecution has provided a list of 72 witnesses to the court here for recording of evidence with the charge-sheets filed against the accused . While Saif-ur-Rehman has since been shifted to Ahmedabad to face charges in the July 2008 blasts there , other accused languishing in the Central Jail here are mired in a prolonged legal battle to prove their innocence . Voluminous charge-sheets Sarvar 's counsel Paikar Farooq told The Hindu here on Thursday that the voluminous charge-sheets running into hundreds of pages contained documents such as post-mortem reports of the 70 victims of blasts , injury reports , X-ray reports and photographs of destruction caused by the powerful explosions . This material does not provide any direct evidence of involvement of the accused in the crime , he said . The ATS has neither recovered anything substantial from the accused nor provided concrete evidence to prove that they came to Jaipur on May 13 , 2008 , to carry out the blasts . The 72 witnesses who will depose and will be cross-examined include persons such as shopkeepers of the Walled City , policemen , owners of cycle stores , medical jurists , relatives of the deceased and the injured . OPEN