While doctors are used to dealing with emergency medical cases in incidents such as bomb blasts and earthquakes , those at Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital were left flummoxed with some of the cases they encountered while treating victims of the Delhi High Court bomb blast . According to the team of doctors , a large number of nails have been embedded in the victim 's bodies , some of them being lodged quite precariously making the treatment challenging . One such case is that of 37-year-old blast victim Nitin , who is presently undergoing treatment at the Trauma Centre of RML Hospital . Operated upon his right thigh for removal of a foreign body , he is stable and recovering fast . What makes his case unique according to the doctors is that he had over a thousand pellet injuries with shrapnels embedded all over his body including his face . He was critical and admitted to the ICU , but has now been shifted to the emergency orthopaedic ward . The doctors attending them have been conducting surgeries to remove some of the splinters . However , the medicos admit that few pellets will remain inside the body as taking them out may prove to be risky . Dr Sunil Saxena said : He is a very cheerful guy and is recovering well but being young he was extremely conscious of the shrapnel injuries on his face and wanted to get rid of those as soon as possible . We told him the scars would gradually go away and the rest can be camouflaged with a beard . His entire body is covered with such shrapnels unlike other cases where shrapnels got lodged only in some body parts . The good thing about shrapnels is that they get sterile due to the extremely high temperature during the blast and hence pose no infection threat to the patient . There is no need for these splinters to be dislodged unless they are jutting out or they get lodged in an artery affecting blood flow . Usually , a connective tissue develops around them and they get encapsulated in the skin covering them , he added . Aware of the possible difficulties of living with pellets , Dr Saxena added , If needed , we will provide such patients with a medical card that will identify them as a person who has embedded metal parts in his body . This will help them during electronic frisking at airports and other places . Special patient status Greeting the media persons with a bright smile , Nitin looks unfazed by his special patient status but requests them not to photograph him . Another queer case is that of 55-year-old Pramod Kumar Mahindera whose thigh has been embedded with a nail which has been precariously lodged in the shape of the alphabet c ' . He has suffered fractures in both bones in his right leg and is stable now while recovering at the Trauma Centre unit of RML . Dr Saxena said : His case does not require surgical intervention if the nail is not disturbed but in case pressure is applied to the part , surgery would be needed as things might get complicated . OPEN