Burhanuddin Rabbani , former President of Afghanistan and Chairman of the High Peace Council leading the year-old Afghan effort to negotiate with the Taliban was killed in a bomb blast on Tuesday at his residence in the centre of Kabul 's high-security diplomatic district . The bomb went off inside the house at 6 p.m. local time . Reports from Kabul suggested that he was meeting a couple of members of a terrorist group at the time of the blast as part of the ongoing efforts at reconciliation . One of them is understood to have detonated the bomb . The Associated Press quoted the chief of criminal investigation of Kabul Police , Mohammad Zahir , as stating that a turbaned bomber entered Prof. Rabbani 's house and blew himself up . Questions were being raised about how he accessed the house and the area without being frisked if that was the case . Speculation is that he concealed the explosive material in his turban knowing fully well that local security personnel hesitate to search the turban because it is seen as disrespectful . Another member of President Hamid Karzai 's reconciliation team , Mohammad Masoom Stanekzai , who was also with Prof. Rabbani for the meeting , was injured in the blast . The assassination of Prof. Rabbani who fought as a mujahideen against the Soviet occupation and was President of Afghanistan for two short stints is seen as a big blow to the reconciliation process as he was someone who could rally the disparate Afghan groups and ethnicities . Though the Taliban had ousted him from his first stint as President between 1992 and 1996 after which he became the nominal head of the non-Pashtun Northern Alliance , Prof. Rabbani a Tajik was regarded as a compromise figure who could reach out to the Taliban . The Pakistan government condemned the terrorist attack and conveyed its extreme anger and shock to the brotherly people and government of Afghanistan . The people of Pakistan stand by their Afghan brothers and sisters in this moment of grief on losing a visionary leader who was actively pursuing peace and reconciliation in Afghanistan Professor Burhauddin Rabbani was a friend of Pakistan with whom we were working closely on a vision for peace and prosperity in Afghanistan . OPEN