Even as the death toll in the Delhi High Court blast rose to 13 , another e-mail purportedly from Indian Mujahideen ( IM ) has not only claimed responsibility for the powerful explosion but also threatened to target a shopping complex on September 13 the day a series of blasts attributed to the same outfit claimed 26 lives here in the Capital three years ago . Countering the claim of Harkat-ul-Jihadi that had on Wednesday sent an e-mail owning responsibility , the second e-mail from Internet account chotoominani5@gmail.com on Thursday said the explosion could not in any way be the handiwork of Harkat-ul-Jehad-e-Islami because we have carried it out . At the very outset we had planned to trigger the blast on Wednesday as a huge crowd descends there that day . We ( IM ) have carried it out , HuJI has no links whatsoever . The e-mail sender , who identified himself as IM member Chotoo Minani Ayushman , said the outfit 's next goal is to carry out a strike at a shopping complex . Stop us if you can , dared the e-mail , throwing an open challenge to the Indian security and intelligence agencies . The National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) , which is mainly conducting the blast probe , has taken the matter seriously and is trying to identify the sender . However , striking differences have been noticed between this e-mail and the previous ones sent by IM that is being held responsible for several blasts in different parts of the country in recent years . New-look IM logo IM had started using a logo depicting silhouettes of two men carrying assault rifles in the background and a globe and a book in the fore . The mails gave specific details to confirm that the outfit was indeed involved in those blasts and they also contained reasons for carrying out the terror strikes . It would attach video clips showing bombs being planted . In the 2008 Jaipur serial blasts , the outfit sent a mail mentioning the email account that it had earlier used , along with its password , said a police officer . However , a large number of alleged IM terrorists have been arrested and many of them are suspected to have fled abroad . The first e-mail sent by harkatuljihadi2011@gmail.com had threatened to target the Supreme Court of India and other major High Courts if Afzal Guru 's death sentence is not repealed . It was traced to a computer installed at Global Cyber Caf at Kishtwar in Jammu & Kashmir . The police have not been able to identify the e-mail sender yet . According to sources , identification papers of Internet users were not being recorded by the caf manager . Hence other ways are being explored to achieve a breakthrough . In a related development , NlA head S.C. Sinha met Police Commissioner B.K. Gupta at the Delhi Police headquarters to discuss various facets of the investigations . The Special Cell sleuths are assisting the NIA in the blast probe . NIA trying to identify the sender Differences between this and past IM emails OPEN