Delhi Police investigators have announced the arrest of a terrorist cell that they claim was responsible for a string of nationwide attacks last year raising fears that Pakistan-based jihadist groups may be preparing for a renewed escalation of operations against India . The Delhi Police 's lite Special Cell announced on Wednesday that it had held six men , including Karachi-based Jaish-e-Muhammad operative Muhammad Adil , on the suspicion of having carried out three major attacks last year : a shooting at Delhi 's historic Jama Masjid in September ; the serial bombs outside Bangalore 's Chinnaswami Stadium in April ; and the bombing of the German Bakery in Pune in February . Fugitive Indian Mujahideen commander Muhammad Zarar Siddibapa a Karnataka resident also known by the alias Yasin Bhatkal and the commander of the cell , who is wanted for his alleged role in a string of urban bombings that began in 2005 however escaped arrest , the police said . Adil is alleged to have had past relationships with both the Jaish-e-Muhammad and organised crime groups . He , the police said , was living under cover in Madhubani , Bihar , since 2010 , when he was despatched to India by Indian Mujahideen commanders in Karachi to aid Siddibapa 's cell . Bihar residents Mohammad Siddiqi , Irshad Khan , Gauhar Aziz Khomani , Gayur Jamali and Abdur Rahman were held in separate raids in New Delhi and Chennai . The Delhi Police said they had recovered several kg of explosives , ammunition , two assault rifles and a pistol from a safe house used by the cell . The case is the second involving a Pakistan national in recent weeks . Earlier , the National Investigation Agency said fugitive Jammu and Kashmir-based terror commander Ghulam Sarwar , a resident of Pakistan occupied Kashmir , had carried out the bombing of the Delhi High Court in September . Sarwar , interestingly , possessed fake documents identifying him as a Bihar resident , and travelled to meet still-unidentified contacts in the State raising the prospect that he may have had links to the cell held in Delhi . Conflicting accounts Wednesday 's arrests are the third in a series linked to the Pune bombings all at apparent odds with each other . Maharashtra prosecutors had earlier charged local resident Himayat Baig with having carried out the bombing in Pune , naming Siddibapa as his commander . Elements of their account , though , sit ill with the Delhi Police 's findings . For example , Maharashtra Police investigators said Baig was paid to source bomb-making equipment to fabricate an explosive device at his cyber-caf . The discovery of a bomb-factory in Delhi , though , puts this version in some doubt . Union Home Minister P. Chidambaram told reporters on Wednesday that the six arrested men were suspected of having been involved in February 13 , 2010 German Bakery blast in Pune . Earlier this year , though , Mr Chidambaram told Parliament the Maharashtra Police had solved the Pune bombing following on from an earlier faux pax in which he complimented investigators on having arrested Siddibapa 's older brother , Abdul Samad Siddibapa , in connection with the case . Abdul Samad Siddibapa was later cleared of all charges and released . ( With inputs from Vinay Kumar in New Delhi and Amruta Byatnal in Pune . ) OPEN