Four members of a family were injured in a transistor bomb blast at Koregaon village of Kaij tehsil in Beed district of Maharashtra on Friday . According to Beed police , the blast took place on Friday afternoon . The injured are Om Ramesh Nimbalkar ( 32 ) , his wife Usha Nimbalkar ( 25 ) , his mother Kusum Ramesh Nimbalkar ( 55 ) and two-year-old son Kunal . Mr. Nimbalkar , a resident of Koregaon , who works as a bus conductor in the Ambejogai bus depot , found a parcel in a bus on Friday morning and took it to his house . On opening it , he found a radio set and three cells . His family members were huddled around him when he inserted the cells into the radio . The radio exploded when Mr. Nimbalkar switched it on . According to some reports reaching here , the sound of the explosion could be heard four km away . Dr. Rakesh Jadhav , Deputy Superintendent of Swami Ramanand Tirath Hospital in Beed , where the injured had been admitted , told The Hindu that all four have been referred to the J.J. Hospital in Mumbai now for ophthalmic care . Mr. Nimbalkar and his wife have suffered corneal injuries . All four have suffered fractures on their hands . Mr. Nimbalkar lost his right hand and two fingers of his left hand . Kunal has also suffered heavy corneal injuries , said Dr. Jadhav . Asked if they were out of danger , Dr. Jadhav said : We cant say this at this point of time because some of them have deep injuries . A team of forensic experts have collected samples from the spot . Inspector General , Aurangabad range , Riteish Kumar , Superintendent of Police Dattatray Mandlik , a team of the Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad and a team of the National Investigation Agency have reached the spot . Mumbai Staff Reporter reports : The police are awaiting the preliminary forensic report to ascertain the nature of the bomb . Forensic teams have collected evidence . It has been sent to Aurangabad for preliminary investigation . We are still awaiting the report , Mr. Mandlik told The Hindu . He declined to give any further information . OPEN