A Delhi Police team will soon visit Tehran to question some Iranian nationals on the recent Israeli Embassy vehicle bomb blast in New Delhi . This was disclosed by Union Home Minister P. Chidambaram at his last monthly Press conference before taking over as Union Finance Minister . There are some persons who we believe are in Iran , who require to be questioned . So we asked the Government of Iran for permission for one of our teams to go to Iran to question them . They have agreed , he said . He , however , refused to comment on the alleged involvement of the elite Iranian Republican Guards in the February 2012 bombing case , in which an Israeli diplomat was injured . Let the police team return , he said . Due to logistical reasons the Delhi Police could not send its team to Iran earlier , but they have managed to get fresh dates from the Iran Government to seek help from their Iranian counterparts in its probe into the high-profile case . During the blast case probe , names of four Iranian nationals came up . While Houshang Afshar has been named as the main accused for planting the bomb on the vehicle in the high-security zone close to the Prime Ministers Race Course Road residence , the other three under the Delhi Police lens are Masoud Sedaghatzadeh , Saeid Moradi and Mohammad Kharzei . Meanwhile , Mr. Chidambaram expressed gave concern over the detection of a 400-metre-long tunnel across the international border in Jammu & Kashmir and said the matter would soon be taken up with Pakistan . It is a matter of concern . This matter is being discussed at the highest levels between the Ministry of Home Affairs , Ministry of Defence and Ministry of External Affairs . An appropriate response , an appropriate way , will be found to take it up with Pakistan . Referring to the Assam violence , Mr. Chidambaram said the situation was fast returning to normal and refugees have started moving back to their homes . Appealing to the various communities to live in peace and harmony , he said : Assam is a typical example of a pluralistic society where communities like Bodos , minorities , Bengali Hindus , Adivasis , Rajbongshis and others live . My appeal to them is we must learn to live together . OPEN