Two powerful explosions ripped through crowded areas at Dilsukhnagar in the eastern part of the State capital on Thursday evening , killing 13 persons and injuring more than 83 . The first blast took place at 6.50 p.m. on the citys busiest road that link it with Vijayawada , and , as terrified people were scampering to safety , the second blast went off . Authorities say the explosions were caused by improvised explosive devices that could have been kept on bicycles or packed inside frames of bicycles . The twin blasts brought back painful memories of the August 25 , 2007 IED attacks in Lumbini Park , in front of the State secretariat , and at Gokul Chat in Kothi that killed 44 people . Incidentally , one of Thursdays blasts took place near a crowded foot over-bridge at Dilsukhnagar , where security forces defused an IED five years ago . The device was to go off along with the blasts in Lumbini Park and Gokul Chat . Eyewitnesses at Anand Tiffin Centre , near the spot where the first blast took place , said someone began shouting about a bomb going off . Even as confused people watched , the blast occurred . Malakpet Assistant Commissioner of Police Mohamed Iqbal , who was passing by in his police vehicle , stopped on hearing the explosion . As he ran towards the blast site , the second IED went off just 50 yards away . The blast sites presented a gory picture with injured persons and mangled two wheelers lying scattered . We did not know what was happening . It was scary , said a shopkeeper The area witnessed a massive traffic jam after the blasts . It took some time for the police to rush to the spot and organise relief and rescue operations . Local people stopped city buses and any vehicle they could find and shifted the injured to the Osmania General Hospital and the Yashoda Super Speciality Hospital at Malakpet . At the Osmania Hospital there were more than 30 injured people , while at the Yashoda Hospital one woman and 14 men were being treated . Nine persons were stated to be in a critical condition . OPEN