The confessions of the alleged Indian Mujahideen leader Yasin Bhatkal are becoming more and more embarrassing to Maharashtras anti-terrorism squad . He has told interrogators that wrong people were arrested for the 13/7 serial blasts , which killed 27 people in Mumbai , and that the real culprits are still at large , according to informed sources . The ATS arrested four people in the 2011 case . In May 2012 , it filed a charge sheet against alleged IM members Naquee Ahmed , Nadeem Shaikh , Kanwar Pathrija and Haroon Naik . Six others including Yaseen , Tabrez Waqas and Tehseen , were shown as wanted . However , Bhatkal has told the National Investigation Agency that the four men arrested had nothing to do with the blasts . He corroborated the Delhi Police claim that Naquee and Nadeem were in fact police informers , intelligence sources told The Hindu . Of the arrested men , the ATS had focussed on Haroon Naik . It claimed he was a Lashkar-e-Taiba operative and prize catch . And that he was higher than Yasin in the IM hierarchy . However , Bhatkal could not even recognise Naik from the photographs shown to him . He refuted the ATS claim that Naik was handling the IMs financial operations , the sources said . Bhatkals statement also raises questions about the ATS account of Naiks indoctrination . In its charge sheet , the ATS claimed Naik had attended LeT camps in Pakistan , and that he had met Osama bin Laden while at a camp in Bahawalpur in that country in 2001 . We are closely monitoring what Yasin -LSB- Bhatkal -RSB- tells the Maharashtra ATS and we will move court accordingly , Haroons lawyer S. Sheikh told The Hindu . Police informant Sources said Naik had been an informant with the Mumbai police for many years and that he had been picked up several times for questioning . In December 2011 , a Delhi police team was camping in Mumbai after it got leads about key suspects Waqas and Tabrez hiding in a safe house at Byculla . When the ATS heard about the Delhi teams arrival , it raided the spot and arrested a man called Naquee . However , he turned out to be a Delhi police informer . But the arrest alerted Waqas and Tabrez , who fled . A wrong arrest was made in this classic haste for one-upmanship which resulted in the trail going cold , a senior intelligence officer said . Interestingly , Bhatkal told interrogators that the main people behind the blast were those who had escaped and were being shown as wanted . It was he who masterminded the blasts and planted the bomb at Dadar , he told the NIA . He was helped by Waqas and Tabrez , who planted the bombs at Opera House and Zaveri Bazaar . Tehseen , meanwhile , provided logistical support . In fact , Bhatkals confessions could also impact the German Bakery case . He has apparently told the NIA that Himayat Baig , the main accused , had no role to play , and that he and Qatil Siddhique carried out the blast . Baig was arrested soon after the incident , and later awarded the death sentence by the Pune sessions court . Qatil Siddhique was killed in Punes Yerawada jail by an inmate in 2012 . Baig had been under surveillance since the Aurangabad arms haul case in 2006 , since he hails from Beed . The Pune police had not found much to link him to the German Bakery blast . This input was shared with the ATS but it ended up arresting him , a police official said . Classic haste for one-upmanship resulted in the trail going cold , says intelligence officerBhatkal says he carried out the blast at German Bakery also Classic haste for one-upmanship resulted in the trail going cold , says intelligence officer Bhatkal says he carried out the blast at German Bakery also OPEN