The Boston Marathon bombings of Monday afternoon marked the first major terror attack carried out on U.S. soil since al Qaeda struck with devastating force on September 11 , 2001 . With three confirmed dead , among them an eight-year-old boy waiting for his father at the finish line , and local hospitals receiving at least 176 persons , many with serious injuries and some requiring amputation , the city of Boston turned from jubilation to stunned silence . Shortly before 3 pm , a quarter of a mile or so before the finish line , two loud blasts went off within seconds of each other . Spectators and runners knocked over by the force of the blast sat amidst blood and debris on the road . Doctors treating the injured were said to be pulling ball-bearings and shrapnel out of people , suggesting a bomb designed for lethal impact . U.S. law enforcement , which did not appear to have any advance intelligence of the incident , went into fourth gear immediately . Major cities were put on high alert , and a no-fly zone and temporary airport ground stop were imposed in Boston . On Tuesday morning the Federal Bureau of Investigation , now in charge of the criminal investigation into the attack , raided a high-rise apartment in Boston in search of a person of interest . In a statement made a few hours after the attack , President Barack Obama seemed to be conscious of the legacy of suspicion that followed 9/11 , particularly the violent backlash against Muslims , Sikhs and other ethnic minorities . We dont yet have all the answers , he said . We still do not know who did this or why ... People shouldnt jump to conclusions before we have all the facts . Yet even as he spoke there were unconfirmed reports in the media about a Saudi national said to have been questioned at a hospital . Some media outlets got ahead of themselves , speculating over whether foreign or home-grown terror groups could be involved . Yet as of Tuesday , the authorities made it clear they had no concrete leads . After nearly a decade of polarising experience with hate crimes , Islamophobia and the suspension of civil liberties under legislation such as the U.S. Patriot Act , it is only in the past few years that the U.S. has enacted stronger protections for minorities and free speech . There is a real risk that Mondays bombing and Mr. Obamas promise that the attackers would feel the full weight of justice may lead to the rollback of these hard-fought rights . If they do , it may once again draw the U.S. back into a negative spiral of injurious overreach in foreign policy and domestic policing that will damage the civilisational fabric of America without making the country any more secure . OPEN