More than a month after their world turned topsy-turvy , they are yet to pick the threads of lives . Some with fractured hands , some with a bandaged eye and many with bruised souls poured out their ordeal of the February 21 bomb blast at a programme here on Sunday . Though their physical wounds are healing , their mental scars appeared to be still raw . Those present on the occasion could sense the human tragedy behind such attacks . The programme was organised by Confederation of Voluntary Associations ( Cova ) in association with Roda Mistry College of Social Work to felicitate the doctors and paramedical team of Osmania General Hospital , Yashoda , Omni and Care hospitals for doing their best to save the victims . Maruthi , Nitesh Agarwal , M.A. Samad and Gopal Reddy recalled the tragic events when they were caught in the bomb blast while Jani Pasha , RTC driver , explained how he managed to shift nearly 60 victims in three buses to the Osmania General Hospital . The doctors and the paramedical staff were presented Saviour of Hyderabad certificates . R. Jaya Lakshmi , DCP , East Zone , sought peoples cooperation in cracking the case . Hyderabad was a happening city with lot of floating population and keeping everyone under surveillance was practically impossible . She asked people to be vigilant and keep an eye on what was going on in their surroundings . Dilsukhnagar had a number of educational institutes , but the managements did not bother to enquire about students taking admissions . Ms. Jaya Lakshmi also deplored the post blast attitude of the people . Except for persons like Jani Pasha , many remained mere onlookers and did not lend a helping hand . She also faulted the media for crowding the blast site making it difficult for investigating agencies . Karnail Singh Jawandha , general manager , SBH south zone , promised to extend educational loans and other bank loans to the victims and their family members . Cova executive director , Mazhar Hussain , said scars of tragedies like the bomb blast lingered for years . But the victims should not lose heart as society was with them . OPEN