Director General of Police V. Dinesh Reddy has said that improvised explosive devices -LRB- IEDs -RRB- with nitro compound were used in the explosions that killed 13 persons and left 83 injured . . . He did not hazard a guess whether RDX was used in the bombs but asserted that they were timed as the two powerful explosions took place within a gap of three minutes and were only hundred yards apart . . . Mr. Reddy , who returned from New Delhi only on Thursday after attending a meeting convened by the Central government to discuss the naxalite situation in various affected states , drove straight from the airport to the scene of the twin blasts at 7.10 p.m. . . Talking to media persons later , Mr. Reddy said the first blast took place at 6.58 p.m. near Konark theatre and the second three minutes later near Venkatadri theatre . The bombs were placed in rexine bags and hung to bicycles at both the places . The locations were selected strategically to inflict maximum damage as they were crowded areas . . . No signs of more bombs were available after sanitising the entire area . A massive search operation in and around the locations was taken up in fear of more blasts . . . Mr. Reddy said that it was too premature to suspect the role of any particular group in the blasts . He denied picking up anybody or coming to know of any similarities with earlier explosions at Lumbini Park or Gokul Chat in 2007 . . . A high alert was sounded across the State and the Centre despatched rapid action force personnel to deal with the situation . A post-energy blast team that specialises in tackling this kind of blasts , also left New Delhi for Hyderabad . The investigation was being handed over to the National Investigation Agency , he said . . . The DGP appealed to the people not to panic as the police were fully geared to meet the situation . He hoped there would be a breakthrough in investigation soon . He also said the Union Home Secretary R.K. Singh and IB chief Asif Ibrahim were in constant touch with him .