As many as 14 persons were killed and over 50 others injured in a bomb blast in the historic Mecca Masjid and in thesubsequent police firings in the nearby areas on Friday . . . The Majlis-e-Ittehaadul Muslimeen has called for a ` Hyderabad bandh ' to protest against the incident and the police firings . . . ` While nine persons lost their lives in the in the bomb blast , five youth were killed when the police resorted to firing when they came onto the streets to protest the blast at the mosque , ' Hyderabad MP and MIM leader AsaduddinOwaisi told rediff.com . . . The bombexploded around 1:30 pm when thousands of people were gathered in the mosque for Friday prayers , South Zone DCP Kanta Rao said . The injured , some of them bleeding profusely , were rushed to Osmania and other hospitals by the worshippers in whatever modes of transport they could arrange . . . The explosion created such panic that those gathered for the prayers started running towards the exit gate of the mosque , said to be over 400 years old and considered sacred by Muslims in and outside the state . . . ` The situation is peaceful now , though tension prevails . The situation is under control , ' Hyderabad City Police Commissioner Balwinder Singh told media persons . . . The police sounded a red alert and put the forces , including Rapid Action Force contingents , on bandobust to maintain peace and harmony . . . He said that while a powerful bomb exploded in the mosque , resulting in the death of some persons and injuries to several others , the police recovered two unexploded bombs from the vicinity of the mosque . The bomb disposal squad detected the unexploded bombs and sent them to the AP State Forensic Science Labs and the results would be known in a day or two . . . Director-General of Police M A Basith also said that those who exploded the bomb in the mosque had used sophisticated mechanism which was not available in Hyderabad . ` We also recovered two unexploded bombs which are sophisticated and have a trigger . The recovered bombs -LRB- kept in tiffin boxes -RRB- were connected to cell-phones and we have been able to defuse them , ' he said . . . ` We assume that the same sophisticated mechanism would have been used for triggering the bomb that exploded in the mosque . That capacity is not available in Hyderabad so far , ' he said , hinting that it could be the handiwork of elements who came from outside or were supported by forces inimical to India . . . ` Some elements bent upon disturbing communal harmony in Hyderabad have resorted to this dastardly act of placing explosive bomb in a place of worship . It went off at the end of the Friday prayers and five people have lost their lives . The bomb was placed on an elevated platform . But it was a God-sent barrier to many people in the vicinity who would have lost their lives , ' he added . . . The bomb blast in Mecca Masjid sparked off angry protests by hundreds of youth in and around the mosque and Charminar . For nearly three hours , a tense situation prevailed in the area as the youth and the police clashed . Groups of youth intermittently indulged in brick-batting at the police , who responded by resorting to lathi-charge , lobbing of teargas shells , use of water cannons and firing in the air . The police also fired at the unruly mobs at two places , resulting in injuries to four persons . . . The mobs who gathered at different places in the Old City forced the closure of the shops and establishments . They attacked RTC buses , breaking their front screens and window panes or setting these vehicles afire . At some places , shops were ransacked and looted . At several places , black flags were hoisted at the road junctions . Sporadic protests were reported from the new city of Hyderabad , Secunderabad and other adjoining areas . . . The Hyderabad City police deployed city armed police , AP Special Police and special commandos even as the Rapid Action Force of the Central Reserve Police Force have been rushed to the affected areas . Police pickets have been posted and patrolling intensified all over the twin cities . . . Chief Minister Dr Y S Rajasekhar Reddy , who strongly condemned the bomb blast , said ` This is an intentional sabotage of the peace and tranquility of the state . ' He announced ex-gratia compensation of Rs 500,000 each to the next of kin of the deceased victims and Rs 20,000 to the seriously injured persons . He said that it was too early to speculate on who could have been behind the attack . He appealed to the people to show restrain and cooperate with the police in maintaining peace and communal harmony . The state administration has alerted police forces all over the state . Superintendents and Commissioners of Police in the districts and major cities have been directed to take all precautions to ensure peace and order . . . State Home Minister K Jana Reddy said the bomb blast at Mecca Masjid was a ` deep-rooted ' conspiracy to disturb peace in the state . Asked about terrorist angle to the blast , he said : ` We ca n't rule out anything . Investigations are on . He said security has been stepped up in all the districts to maintain law and order in the aftermath of the Hyderabad blast . ' . . Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh has condemned the bomb blast in Hyderabad and urged members of all communities to maintain peace and communal harmony . He expressed his condolences to the relatives of the victims . . . Union Home Minister Shivraj Patil said , ` The Central government is keeping a close watch on the situation arising out of the bomb blast in Hyderabad today . It is in constant touch with Andhra Pradesh government . The Rapid Action Force contingent stationed in . . Hyderabad has been placed at the disposal of the State Government . A team of forensic experts has been rushed to Hyderabad to help investigate the nature of the blast . ' . . The Union Home Minister spoke to state chief minister -LRB- who was in Delhi and returned to Hyderabad later -RRB- and assured him of all possible assistance from the Centre . Strongly condemning the blast , he conveyed his sympathies to the kin of those killed . . . ` There was no need for excessive use of force and police firings . The Assistant Commissioner of Police showed highhandedness and reckless behaviour in dealing with the youth who had gathered to protest the bomb blast at the mosque . Police fired directly into the crowds and in a few cases , youth were shot dead at point blank range . Thefiring victims had bullet injuries on their head , face , chest or stomach , ' he said . . . ` Our first demand to the state government is to suspend the ACP , Charminar , immediately . His continuance here will create more problem . Chief MinisterY S Rajasekhar Reddy should order a CBI inquiry into the blast and police firings to assuage the feelings of the people and take them into confidence , ' Owaisi said . . . ` Mere announcement of ex-gratia will not bring the victims back to life . Both the blast and firings show that neither the culprits behind the blast nor the police have any respect for human life . Government must initiate action immediately on our demands . Otherwise , the situation may become difficult as the people are emotionally surcharged . We are doing our best to control the situation and we wo n't allow it to deteriorate . We appeal to the people to observe the bandh in the twin cities of Hyderabad-Secunderabad on Saturday in a peaceful manner and to maintain communal harmony in these trying circumstances , ' he said . .