View PhotosNews Gallery Bangalore , Jul 25 : A series of seven bomb blasts ripped through the Bangalore , the IT hub of India on Friday , July 25 . While four low-intensity blasts went off at Madiwala ( 1.20 pm ) , Nayandanahalli ( Mysore Road ) ( 1.25 pm ) , Adugodi ( 1.45 pm ) areas on the outskirts , blasts also rocked areas near Koramangla ( 2.10 pm ) Mallya road ( 2.25 pm ) , Langford Road and Richmond Circle ( 2.35 pm ) in Bengaluru city . Two blasts were reported in Madiwala . All blasts happened in a span of one hour . . . First blast occured in Madiwala . The blasts occured in places were more minority groups are settled . City Police Commissioner , Shankar Bidri confirmed 2 deaths . He said , a women , named Lakshmi ( 65 ) was killed in blast that occured in Madiwala Check post . She was waiting for bus at the Bus Stop in Madiwala Check post . Her husband Ravi is also critically injured and shifted to near by hospital . Two people are critically injured in the blast and are shifted to St John 's hospital . Although the police have not yet been able to ascertain the cause of the blast , reports suggest that it may be an act of terror . . . The Union Home Ministry suspect Pakistan based Lashker-e-Toiba with the help of local terror outfit SIMI have carried out the blast . Ministry has asked for a detailed report of the blasts . State Home Ministry condemned the incident . BJP has criticised Centre for not providing adequate security to the City . . . The first blast took place at Madiwala check post which incidentally is behind the famous Forum Mall , one of the leading shopping destinations in Bangalore . The second and third blasts took place at Nayandahalli and Adugodi both on the outskirts of the city . . . Initial reports suggested that the blasts were low intensity caused by gelatin sticks , normally used for quarrying and mining . Police confirmed that materials used in bombs are similar to that of the ones used in Jaipur and Hyderabad blasts . . . Police suspect hands of SIMI behind the serial blasts . Events indicate that these blasts are planned . The blasts happened aound 1.30 pm when Muslims comes out after their Friday prayer . Police said that the terrorists have used timer and cell phone for the blasts . All cell phone lines leading to the trouble tone areas are jammed . . . Majority of schools , malls , and shops were closed after the blasts . . . Unconfirmed reports says that these serial blasts are in retaliation to the incidents that occured in R T Nagar area in the city . There was a communal tension in this area after some miscreants polluted a mosque in this area . . . The public can send sms alerts to police control room to 98440-51677 . They can also send blast photos for quick analysis to police head quarters : 99805-10137 . . . Police commissionr Shankara Bidari said that the City has been put under High Alert following the serial blasts . So far , no one has claimed responsiblity for the blasts . The serial blast is a well planned network but the intensity of blasts is on low key-technology . . . Nation witnessed such terror attacks in Hyderabad , Ajmer , Jammu Kashmir and Jaipur in past one year . . . Chief Minister of Karnataka , B S Yeddyurappa has called for a emergency Cabinet meeting here at Bangalore . . . IISc Terror Attack 2005 . . In 2005 Lashkar-e-Toiba terrorists had targeted Indian Institute of Science ( IISc ) in Bangalore , killing a scientist and injuring four others . . . Reports reaching OneIndia say that most of the Software companies ( infosys , Wipro , Cisco ) especially the offices housed in electronic city , Hosur road , Sarjapur Road , Bannerughatta Road , BTM layout closed post lunch operations following blasts . . . OneIndia News . . .