`` The hotel is under our control , '' JK Dutt , chief of the National Security Guard commandos , said Saturday , Nov. 29 , after fierce combat that began early in the morning and lasted nearly five hours . . . Dutt added that the commandoes had killed three terrorists after an intense gun battle inside the hotel . One commando was killed during the assault in the 565-room hotel . Some 200 national security guards were involved in the operation . . . Through Friday night , the terrorists engaged in intermittent battles . Dutt said terrorists had set fires at different places in the hotel as diversionary tactics whenever they found the forces closing in on them . . . Security forces still had to complete their final searches of the hotels . . `` There was a lot of shooting . Grenades were lobbed and explosives were used by terrorists , '' he said . . . The security chief said operations would be declared over only after the conclusion of room-to-room searches to ensure that there were no remaining terrorists or live explosives inside the hotel . . . `` We are also looking for surviving guests who could have locked themselves in rooms and have not been coming out for fear of terrorists , '' he said . . . Rescue operations at hotels , Jewish center . . In all , nearly 200 people have been killed since Wednesday night when a group of militants carried out a series of coordinated attacks in India 's commercial capital . At least 22 of the dead were non-Indian national . Several hundred more people have been injured . . . The terrorists reportedly targeted individuals carrying British and American passports . Five Americans and one British citizen have been reported among the foreign victims . . . In addition to other sites , the gunmen had seized the Taj and the Oberoi-Trident , both five-star hotels , and a Jewish center in southern Mumbai . . . The National Security Guard and military commandoes on Friday managed to end the siege at the Oberoi-Trident hotel and the Jewish center by killing two militants in each operation . . . The horror began Wednesday evening with coordinated attacks at multiple locations . . At least 30 bodies were found at the hotel , 20 of whom were massacred in one of the restaurants , officials said . Five hostages were murdered by militants at the Jewish center . . . Tension rises between India , Pakistan . . A previously unknown group calling itself the Decca Mujahedeen claimed responsibility for the attacks -- the worst in Mumbai since more than 180 people were killed in a series of bombings in 2006 . . . Indian security agencies have said they suspect that Pakistan-based militant groups like the Lashkar-e-Toiba had a hand in the carnage . On Friday , Delhi blamed `` elements '' in Pakistan for the attacks . . . Indian Foreign Minister Pranab Mukherjee told visiting Pakistani counterpart Shah Mehmood Qureshi that `` outrages '' like the Mumbai attack would make progress in the bilateral peace process `` impossible . '' .