Zeenews Bureau . . Hyderabad : Terror struck Hyderabad once again . At around seven in the evening twin bomb blasts rocked the city ` s Dilsukh Nagar area on Thursday with at least twelve people feared dead in the explosions . . . The blasts triggered by Improvised Explosive Devices ( IED ) tied to two bicyles took place in the peak hour at two sites 100 metres apart outside a roadside eatery near Konark and Venkatadiri theatres in the area located on the Hyderabad-Vijaywada national highway in Cyberabad police limits . . . State DGP Dinesh Reddy said it was ` definitely the handiwork of a terrorist network . ' Reddy said IEDs were used in the attack . . . Union Home Secretary RK Singh said the near two simultaneous very powerful blasts indicate that it was a ` terror attack ' . . . The blasts happened simultaneously at around 7 pm . . . The first blast occurred at 7:01 pm . The second blast happened at 7:06 pm . . . A third bomb was found unexploded near a foot bridge . . . The twin blasts , described as dastardly by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh who announced a Rs two lakh exgratia to the kin of each of the victims , triggered a stampede-like situation with people trying to scamper for safety as it left a bloody trail . . . The scene wore a gory look with severed body parts lying around . Footwear and various other objects were also seen indicating the desperation of the victims and the injured to flee the spot . . . The Dilsukh Nagar area is thickly populated and traffic jams are routine in the evenings with officegoers and students rushing home . Large numbers of people wait at the numerous bus shelters , eateries and shops in the area . . . More than 80 people have have been reported to be injured in the blasts and have been rushed to the nearby hospital . Most of the injured have been taken to Osmania and Yashoda hospital . . . Meanwhile , Chief Minister Kiran Kumar Reddy visited the spot to take stock of the situation and appealed for calm . Speaking to reporters he said , ` We will make sure that those behind the blasts are punished . This is an act of cowardice . Whoever has died , from the state government ` s side , six lakhs will be given . ' . . Around two days back an alert had been sounded by the intelligence agencies to couple of states of impending blasts at various places . The matter had been discussed at the Union Cabinet ` s meet . . . The state has been put on high alert . Alert has been sounded in the whole nation including Maharashtra , Karnataka and Delhi . . . Talking to reporters in the national capital Union Home Minsiter Sushilkumar Shinde said that he had apprised Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of the blasts in Hyderabad . However , he said , ` Can not speculate on the perpetrators of the blast as of now . ' . . The city of Hyderabad was rocked by blasts last in 2007 in which 42 people were dead . . . The helpline number given by the administration is 040-27854771 .