A day after the bomb blast at Varanasi 's Sheetla Ghat , Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Mayawati in a move aimed at giving a clean chit to the State intelligence and security agencies said on Wednesday that no specific actionable intelligence input had been received -LSB- from the Centre -RSB- regarding the bomb blast . . . A fax was received by the State government on February 25 , 2010 , pertaining to the possibility of a terror attack on the Dasashwamedh Ghat in Varanasi during the Dussehra festival . This certainly can not be taken as a specific actionable intelligence input , she said . . . The Chief Minister said general alerts were sounded pertaining to the anniversaries of the 26/11 attacks and the Babri Masjid demolition , but these could not be taken as specific actionable intelligence inputs . . . Ms. Mayawati accused the Centre of lacking the will to contain terrorism , which , she said , had assumed the form of a national problem . The ultras are taking advantage of the Central government 's weakness , she said , adding that until the country 's borders are secure , terrorism can not be eliminated . . . On alleged security failure by the State agencies being the reason for the Indian Mujahideen -LRB- IM -RRB- planting an explosive device at Sheetla Ghat , Ms. Mayawati said that as per normal practice the ghats were sanitised on Tuesday by the police by 5 p.m. before the Ganga aarti began at 6 p.m. . Since the aarti drew large crowds , it was not possible to stop everyone from entering the ghat . After the ghat was sanitised , the responsibility was handed over to the priests . . . No lapses were committed by the police , Cabinet Secretary Shashank Shekhar Singh said at a press conference on behalf of Ms. Mayawati . He added that the police were present when the Ganga aarti was being performed , but not in the midst of the ritual . . . However , how the IM operatives managed to plant the explosive device despite police presence was left unexplained . Mr. Singh said probe was under way . . . Ms. Mayawati 's reaction came within hours of Union Home Minister P. Chidambaram 's visit to Varanasi . . . After visiting the Sheetla Ghat and the Sir Sunderlal Hospital in Banaras Hindu University -LRB- BHU -RRB- , where he met the injured , Mr. Chidambaram told journalists that a specific advisory had been sent to the State Government in February 2010 about ultras planning to attack the ghat . He added that the first responsibility of providing security lay with the State . . . Mr. Singh said Ms. Mayawati wrote to the Prime Minister on Wednesday demanding 125 companies of Central para-military forces .