Two bombs exploded in a crowded shopping district in the southern Indian city of Hyderabad , killing at least 12 people and wounding 50 more in the worst blasts in the country in more than a year , officials said . . . The explosions occurred about two minutes apart in the early evening outside a cinema and a bus station . Storefronts were shattered , motorcycles covered in debris , and food and plates from a roadside restaurant were scattered on the ground near a tangle of dead bodies . . . `` This is a dastardly attack , the guilty will not go unpunished , '' Manmohan Singh , the prime minister , said . He appealed to the public to remain calm . . . The bombs were attached to two bicycles in the Dilsukh Nagar district , Sushilkumar Shinde , home minister , said . The district is a shopping area near a residential neighbourhood . . . Eight people died in one explosion and three in the other , Shinde explained . . . Mahesh Kumar , a 21-year-old student , was heading home from a tutoring class when one of the bombs went off . . . `` I heard a huge sound and something hit me , I fell down , and somebody brought me to the hospital , '' said Kumar , who suffered shrapnel wounds . . . Hyderabad , which has a population of more than seven million , is a hub of India 's information technology industry and has a mixed population of Muslims and Hindus . . . The explosions were the first major bomb attack to hit India since a September 2011 blast outside the high court in New Delhi killed 13 people . The government has been heavily criticised for its failure to arrest the masterminds behind previous bombings . . . Home secretary RK Singh said officials from the National Investigation Agency and commandos of the National Security Guards were leaving Delhi for Hyderabad , the capital of Andhra Pradesh . . . Rana Banerji , a former security official , said India remained vulnerable to such attacks because there was poor co-ordination between the national government and the states . . . Police reforms were also moving very slowly and the quality of intelligence gathering was poor , he said . . . `` The concept of homeland security should be made effective , on a war footing , '' he said . . . India has been on a state of alert since Mohammed Afzal Guru , a Kashmiri , was executed in a Delhi jail nearly two weeks ago . Guru had been convicted of involvement in a 2001 attack on India 's parliament that left 14 people dead , including five gunmen . . . Many in Indian-ruled Kashmir believe Guru did not receive a fair trial , and the secrecy with which the execution was carried out fuelled anger in a region where anti-India sentiment runs deep . . . .