The emerging leads in the serial blasts during Modis Hunkar rally in Patna are surely disturbing for Chief Minister Nitish Kumar . Preliminary investigations point to a conspiracy hatched in Ranchi , but the handiwork of the Darbhanga module of the Indian Mujahideen . The alleged mastermind , Tehseem Akhtar alias Monu , belongs to an area bordering Samastipur-Darbhanga and has been one of the key associates of IM kingpin Yasin Bhatkal who was arrested this August . . . One of the two arrested suspects Imtiaz Ansari ( the other , Ainul , succumbed to injuries that he had got while planting the bombs ) reportedly identified Tehseems photo when it was shown to him by intelligence and security officials . . . A file photograph of Modi . PTI . . The serial blasts raise far more serious questions on what kind of turn this gives to the 2014 Lok Sabha elections . The political atmosphere is already charged and bitter , it is now bloodied . If this is not cracked now then as electioneering gets more heated , there could be a possibility of further strikes and consequent violence , possibly social tension . The suspected involvement of the IM adds a terror angle to the existing Naxal violence and their continued inclination to influence the voting pattern in Bihar . . . There is also a great deal of talk in political and bureaucratic circles over the way the two leaders , Narendra Modi and Nitish Kumar , reacted to the situation on Sunday . By the time Modi landed at Patna airport at12 .15 pm , three blasts had taken place . The IB informed the accompanying Gujarat police and NSG officers of the incident and thereafter Modi was duly informed of it by the IB station head in Patna , incidentally a Gujarat cadre IPS Vivek Shrivastava . . . Modi was told of the kind of threat perception he had and was requested to drop the idea of addressing the rally . Modi remained unmoved and after a quick discussion with Gujarat police officers he came to the conclusion that he will proceed to the venue , address the rally in his usual flair , make it appear as if this was business as usual . It was again decided at the airport itself that the BJP leaders on the podium in Gandhi Maidan would handle it smartly , not allow any kind of panic to prevail and keep telling the audience that these were only firecrackers and would appeal to them not to burst them . . . The BJP leaders ' assessment was that the low intensity blasts at the railway station and at other points in and around Gandhi Maidan were intended to create panic and cause a stampede . . . The success of the Hunkar rally and the way Modi attacked Nitish during his one-hour speech has hugely dented Nitishs electoral prospects . Nitish will devise ways and means to fight that out politically , and first retaliation could be expected on 30 October when he addresses a convention against communalism ( a euphemism for a potential anti-Modi front ) in Delhi . . . But then his capacity to respond effectively has seriously been challenged by the serial blasts . The states inept handling is sharpened by the fact that Nitish has retained the home department portfolio since he came to power eight years ago . . . Firstpost spoke to some leaders , bureaucrats , intelligence and security officials in Bihar . There is a near unanimity in their opinion that the incident has been a huge embarrassment for the chief minister Nitish Kumar , not so much because it happened in Patna during a rally of the BJPs prime ministerial candidate but because of his continued handling of terror-related issues with kid gloves , more specifically when it concerns the homegrown IM module . . . An Intelligence officer posted in Bihar is deeply upset with the attitude of the Bihar government in dealing with security issues . He said Nitishs government has consistently turned a blind eye to the existence of the Darbhanga module of the IM , so much so that it completely detached itself from the investigations in the Bodh Gaya serial blasts and its escapist act after the arrest of Bhatkal . . . Only few months ago when the nation hailed the IB for getting its biggest catch , the Bihar government withheld state police from interrogating Bhatkal.Never before has a state government looked so deeply embarrassed to claim credit , which was being conferred on it . . . The obvious reasons for going soft against these terrorists and further investigations was that the police would then have to proceed against boys and men from the state , picking them up and charging them with serious terror related offences thereby inviting ire of the Muslim community . The morale of intelligence and security officers is low . Nitish had sharply criticised the NIA and other state police agencies for picking up Muslim boys on alleged terror charges . . . Nitish has called the blasts a blot on Bihar and later assured BJP president Rajnath Singh over phone that he would ensure that the culprits are booked in the next two-three days , but the problems for him are multiple , both administratively and politically . LK Advani had also spoken to him about the incident . Nitish then thought it prudent to call Rajnath Singh at night to convey his concerns and tell him the state government was doing a speedy investigation . Incidentally , this was his first conversation with a senior BJP leader since the time he suo-moto severed his 17-year-old ties with the BJP . . . Nitish is suddenly finding himself to be on a slippery wicket . After Modis forceful speech at Hunkar rally , there have been voices within JD ( U ) questioning Nitishs unilateral decision to dump the BJP . He has committed harakiri , they say . Too early to reach that conclusion , but it 's clear that these should worrisome signs for Nitish .