Special Correspondent . . Possibility of some of the victims belonging to the State not ruled out . . LUCKNOW : A state of high alert has been sounded in Uttar Pradesh in the wake of the bomb blast in a mosque in Malegaon in Maharashtra on Friday . . . Home Secretary R.M. Srivastava told newsmen that the intelligence agencies have been geared up and the securitymen asked to keep a close watch on rumour mongers . . . Mr Srivastava said vigil had been stepped up at religious places , communally sensitive towns , vital installations , airports , railway stations and bus terminuses . . . The security concerns in Uttar Pradesh have another dimension . Though the identity of the victims was not known the intelligence and security agencies have not ruled out the possibility of some of the victims belonging to the State , considering that large number of people , particularly from eastern districts , went to Mumbai for earning their livelihood . . . The Home Secretary said there were no reports of any untoward incident in the light of the bomb blast . . . Reacting to the incident , the Vice-Chairman of All India Muslim Personal Law Board , Maulana Kalbe Sadiq , said the incident was a test of the Muslims ' patience . The Maulana said the Muslims should display the same restraint as was exhibited by the majority community in the aftermath of the serial bomb blasts in Delhi , Varanasi and Mumbai . . . The Law Board Vice-Chairman said the incident was the handiwork of a few persons , adding that communal harmony is the need of the hour . . . The Naib Imam of Lucknow 's Aishbagh Idgah and AIMPLB member , Maulana Khalid Rasheed Firangi Mahali said security ought to have been stepped up considering that today was ` Shab-e-Barat ' when large numbers of Muslims congregate in the mosques and visit the graveyards to offer ` Fateha ' for their departed ones . . . Stating that both the communities should exercise restraint , Maulana Rasheed said the government should do some introspection into some of its past actions . . . Zafaryab Jilani , legal convenor of AIMPLB and Babri Masjid Action Committee , assailed the government for a one-sided view of the recent developments .