Correspondent . . Tension mounts ; traders and tourists are not able to move around . . Bomb blasts at Namphalong hotels Junta seals off border Combing operations launched but no one is arrested . . IMPHAL : Trade at the international market along the Manipur-Myanmar border has been disrupted from the beginning of this year following a recrudescence of insurgency-related violence . With tension mounting , traders , tourists and insurgents of all hues have not been able to move around . . . On January 8 , two bombs exploded in two small hotels at Namphalong , killing two persons and wounding four others . There was no claim by any insurgent group . In the past , firing took place at the Namphalong market , just across the border gate in Myanmar . After the market was torched twice , heavily armed military personnel are guarding it round the clock . . . Border sealed . . Following the latest incident , the Myanmarese junta sealed off the border . Business was shut down and the movement of all sections banned . The Indian Army sent reinforcements to the border areas for a combing operation . However , no insurgent has been arrested on either side . . . Strike at border town . . Soon after the twin bomb blasts at Namphalong , a general strike was called at Moreh . And before normality returned to the border town , 24 Assam Rifles personnel gunned down a carpenter at Chawangphai village . Residents alleged he was deliberately singled out and killed . But an Assam Rifles spokesman said six suspects , on seeing the personnel , tried to flee despite a warning . . . Shots were fired at the fleeing ` armed persons ' and in the process the carpenter was fatally hit . . . Rejecting this version , the Kuki Women 's Union on Human Rights , the Hill Tribal Council , the Kuki Students ' Organisation and the Chwangphai Administrative Committee launched a strike . . . It was suspended following an understanding with Assam Rifles personnel . . . On Saturday , insurgents in an ambush killed two personnel of 32 Assam Rifles at Tengoupal , about 30 km from Moreh . . . All sorts of foreign goods are available at the Namphalong market , constructed in 1995 .