SRINAGAR : Hizbul Mujahideen militants exploded a powerful car-bomb at a military convoy near a missionary school on the high security Church road , killing four persons , including a Major . The blast took place in a stationary explosive-packed Maruti car around 9 am , when the army vehicles were passing by Sher-e-kashmir cricket stadium killing three army personnel and one civilian instantly , police said . . . Earlier , police and defence officials had suspected that a suicide bomber rammed the explosive-laden car into the army vehicle , but subsequent investigation revealed that the attacker had just about managed to escape from the scene shortly before the blast . At least 17 persons , including four soldiers , were injured in the explosion , which also damaged eight vehicles and rattled the Burnhall school and nearby buildings . . . However , no harm was done to the students as there is a huge playground between the boundary wall and classrooms . . . Hizbul Mujahideen owned responsibility for the blast . It was a gory site with badly mutilated bodies lying in pool of blood and the injured crying for help . Mangled pieces of damaged vehicles and shattered window panes were strewn around . The Maruti car used in the attack was blown to pieces and only its engine could be retrieved by the police . . . Chief minister , Mufti Mohammad Sayeed , said such incidents would not deter the people from pursuing the peace process and perpetrators of violence would not achieve anything by indulging in such acts . . . Inspector general of police Kashmir , Javid Makhdoomi , said it was an act of desperation on part of militants in the relaxed atmosphere of confidence building and restoration of peace in the state . . . Asked if the attack in the high security zone was a security lapse , he pointed out that besides being a high security zone , it is also a high traffic zone and it is not feasible to check each and every vehicle passing by . . . As part of the strategy to prevent such attacks , he said random checks of vehicles were being carried out and all designated parking lots were being kept under tight vigil . This was the fifth such blast in the valley over the past three months . . . Car-bomb explosions rocked Jawahar Nagar in Srinagar on May 11 , Lazbal in Anantnag on May 28 , Pulwama district town on June 13 and Nishat in Srinagar on June 24 . . . Several politicians and ministers reside in the area . Sher-e-kashmir cricket stadium park is an important venue where significant political rallies of prime ministers have been held in the past . The last important function organised at the stadium was flagging off of Srinagar-Muzaffarabad bus by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on April seven .