Praveen Swami . . Harkat-ul-Jihad-e-Islami cell may have executed bombing . . Explosive devices used at Ajmer shrine closely resemble those placed in Mecca Masjid . . In both places , bombs were designed to be triggered by mobile phones alarm clock . . NEW DELHI : Forensic experts have determined that the explosive devices used in Thursdays blast at the shrine of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti closely resemble those placed in Hyderabads Mecca Masjid five months ago a fact which raises the prospect that the same terror group may have executed both strikes . . . Tests conducted on an unexploded device recovered from the shrine late on Thursday night , as well as shrapnel recovered from the bomb that detonated killing three , have shown that both devices were packed with dynamite . India proscribed the production of nitroglycerine-based explosives like dynamite in 2004 , but large stocks are believed to be still available on the black market . . . As at the Mecca Masjid , the bombs used in Ajmer were designed to be triggered by a mobile phones built-in alarm clock , which was set to 6:10 p.m. Rajasthan police sources said the second bomb , stuffed inside a bag which also contained a crude map of the shrine , probably failed to explode because the phones speaker did not generate a voltage adequate to charge the detonator . . . Similar mobile phone malfunctions led to the failure of a second bomb planted in the Mecca Masjid and the car bombs fabricated by Bangalore engineering student Kafeel Ahmed for use in Glasgow and London earlier this year . Forensic experts said the fault was most likely caused by the use of mobile phones with low-grade components . . . Rajasthan police investigators have arrived in Hyderabad to question suspects held for the Mecca Masjid bombings . Karachi-based Harkat-ul-Jihad-e-Islami terrorist Abdul Mohammad Shahid , who also uses the code-name Bilal , is wanted by Interpol for his alleged role in the Mecca Masjid bombings , as well as the subsequent serial bombings in Hyderabad this August . . . Rajasthan police sources noted that the Islamist terror networks , of which Shahid was a part , were known to have used Ajmer as a transit point in the past . . . In December 2005 , police in Ajmer interdicted a consignment of three Kalashnikov assault rifles , 229 cartridges and 15 detonators hidden in a truck carrying marble to Hyderabad . . . Investigators claimed that the trucks driver , Baramulla resident Shabbir Ahmed , had been tasked by the Hizb-ul-Mujahideens Pakistan-based chief , Mohammad Yusuf Shah , with delivering the weapons to terror cell in Hyderabad . Ahmed , a one-time operative for the Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front , had joined the Islamist Hizb-ul-Mujahideen after training in Pakistan in 1990 . . . Shabbir Ahmed told the Rajasthan police that the weapons were intended for Mujib Ahmed , a key figure in the terror networks now run by Shahid . Ahmed had spent several years in jail for his role in the 1990 assassination of Additional Superintendent of Police Krishna Prasad . He was sentenced to life imprisonment , but was released by the Andhra Pradesh government in 2004 as part of a controversial Independence Day goodwill gesture . . . Soon after Mujib Ahmeds release from prison , investigators found that he reactivated his links with the Lashkar-e-Taiba , Harkat-ul-Jihad-e-Islami and Hizb-ul-Mujahideen . When Mujib was re-arrested in the wake of the Ajmer weapons haul , police discovered that he had produced several films in which he appealed for funds for his new terror operations from Islamist sympathisers in West Asia . . . Amjad Ali , who was among Mujibs most trusted lieutenants , was responsible for recruiting Shahid . . . Ali , who the Central Bureau of Investigation held responsible for the assassination of former Gujarat Home Minister Haren Pandya , is thought to have despatched Shahid and at least 20 other Hyderabad men to train at the Lashkar-e-Taiba and Harkat-ul-Jihad-e-Islami facilities in Pakistan after the 2002 communal pogrom in Gujarat . . . Several members of Mujib Ahmeds network , including Nalgonda resident Abdul Rehman , were arrested for their alleged role in the 2005 attack on the Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore .