The Bombay High Court has upheld the death sentence awarded to three convicted LeT terrorists in the 2003 twin Mumbai blasts , which left 54 dead and over 180 injured . . . Upholding the Pota court 's 2009 order , the HC dismissed the appeals of the accused . . . In a first , a married couple has been awarded the death sentence in a terror case . . . Hanif Syed ( 49 ) and his wife Fehmida Syed ( 46 ) were handed out the death sentence by the special Pota court in 2009 . . . The couple was found guilty of planting two highintensity bombs in crowded locations in Mumbai in August 2003 . . . Another accomplice , Ashrat Ansari ( 35 ) , has also been given the death sentence . . . The trio , along with fourth accused Nasir , had executed the bomb blast at the Gateway of India and Zaveri Bazar in Mumbai on August 25 , 2003 . Nasir was shot by the police in an encounter later . . . The prosecution had said the LeT had used a family to carry out the attack in order to avenge the `` atrocities '' inflicted on Muslim families in the 2002 Godhra riots . . . The Bombay High Court upheld the death sentences of three terrorists including married couple Fehmida ( pictured left ) and Hanif Syed ( pictured right ) . . The trio was charged under the IPC , Explosive Substances Act and the stringent Pota for its role in the conspiracy and the bomb blasts . . . The Pota court also held them guilty for the July 2003 blast in a BEST bus in suburban Ghatkopar , which claimed two lives . . . The prosecution had also alleged that the trio had planted another bomb on a bus in the suburban SEEPZ area in Jogeshwari on December 2 , 2002 . However , the bomb did not explode . . . The trial saw 103 witnesses being examined . . . Another accused turned approver during the trial and two others , Mohammed Ansari Ladoowala and Mohammed Hasan Batterywala , were discharged . . . The judgment was long awaited as the division bench of justices A.M. Khanwilkar and P.D. Kode had reserved the verdict on November 12 , 2011 . . . Special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikkam , who argued the case for the government , expressed his happiness at the verdict . . . ` It is a significant judgment . It might take some more legal procedures before the death sentence is executed . . . ` However , we are confident that the execution will happen in due course , which should be soon , ' he added . . . The first bomb went off at the iconic Gateway of India ( pictured ) . . The second blast went off on a bus at Ghat Kopar in Mumbai . . On August 25 , 2003 , the three accused - along with the two daughters of Hanif - hired a taxi and reached the Gateway of India with RDX . . . They left the bag in the taxi and told the cab driver that they would return after lunch . . . From there , they hired another taxi and reached Zaveri Bazar , the site where the second bomb went off minutes after the blast at the Gateway of India . . . The trio was arrested on August 31 , 2003 , under Pota regulations .