MUMBAI : The intelligence community believes the serial blasts of Bangalore and Ahmedabad were executed by a network of Wahabi fundamentalists masquerading as Indian Mujahideen.This terror network started by organizing blasts at holy places of rival Barelvi Muslims like the dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti in Ajmer , Rajasthan . Over the past five years the Wahabis , who are heavily funded by religious puritans in Saudi Arabia , have been conducting a high-intensity propaganda war within the Muslim community against so-called un-Islamic practices.Thousands of publications have been brought out by them to convince Muslims to follow the path of ` true Islam ' . Members of several front organizations also visit homes to convince people to abandon ` non-Islamic rituals ' . Sources said predictably these activities have been vehemently opposed by the Barelvis who also brought out publications countering the Wahabi ideology , which is believed to provide a theological justification for terror . A Barelvi publication titled Gair Mokallidon ke Akeede quotes chapter and verse from Wahabi publications , which are against Islam . In Mumbai maulanas like Saeed Noori have been in the forefront of the campaign to counter Wahabism.The proverbial last straw was the blast at Ajmer sharif . It provoked widespread reaction among the Barelvis against Wahabi fanaticism , which had backed the Students Islamic Movement of India -LRB- SIMI -RRB- , police sources said . ` Fearing their isolation , the Wahabi elements are now trying to project themselves as people fighting against injustice to Muslims as a whole . The decision to organize serial blasts in Ahmedabad , including four in Narendra Modis constituency , was clearly aimed at getting the sympathy of the Muslim masses , ' a senior intelligence official observed . ` There is a big vacuum in Muslim leadership and the Wahabis are planning to fill the gap with their violent deeds , he added . However , a majority of Muslims have condemned the blasts and they say that a ` big injustice ' is being done to the community by those sponsoring such terror strikes.National secretary of the Nationalist Congress Party and noted advocate Majeed Memon said : ` The blasts can have no place in Islam . But if the Indian Mujahideens have any grievance then it should appoint a committee to have a dialogue with the government . Meanwhile , the Intelligence Bureau is reported to be close on the heels of the mastermind behind the blasts in Bangalore and Ahmedabad . The bureau is convinced that Indian Mujahideen has been trained by the ISI , which was why the blasts could be executed with professional precision . It is feared that the next targets could be in Maharashtra where the police force is at its demoralised worst .