Opinion - Letters to the Editor Srinagar bomb attack . . The recent spurt in killings in Jammu and Kashmir , including Wednesday 's gruesome car bomb attack that claimed four lives and injured 45 others , is disturbing . While there can be no disputing the need for the peace process not to be derailed on the basis of such incidents , their continuance will surely test the resolve of Indian policy-makers . Peace can not be a one-way street . Pakistan should dismantle the terrorist infrastructure on its soil and should stop supporting terrorist activities . At the same time , we need to improve our intelligence set-up . We also need to win the support of the local population and make them a party to the peace initiative . Only that can guarantee lasting peace . . . Abhishek Mishra , New Delhi . . * * * . . The fresh wave of violence in Jammu and Kashmir is indicative of the growing frustration among the terrorist outfits . It is their way of responding to the growing camaraderie among the people on both sides of the Line of Control following the October 8 earthquake . . . Nikil V. Davis , Irinjalakuda , Kerala . . * * * . . India has lent a helping hand to the earthquake-affected people of Pakistan-occupied Kashmir by opening five points along the LoC to facilitate the movement of relief material . In response , so-called ` freedom fighters ' triggered a car bomb blast in Srinagar on Wednesday , killing four and injuring 45 persons . . . K. Sasidharan , Srirangam , T.N. . . * * * . . The Srinagar bomb blasts as well as those in New Delhi earlier show that the militant outfits are slowly gaining the upper hand . The security forces in the Kashmir Valley should be reinforced . . . P. Kannan , Srivilliputtur , T.N. . . * * * . . A three-pronged strategy should be adopted in the fight against terrorism : create awareness among the people and isolate the terrorists ; allow the Army to attack terrorist training camps ; pressure Pakistan , diplomatically , to dismantle the infrastructure of terrorist groups such as Hizb-ul-Mujahideen and Lashkar-e-Taiba . . . Gangadhararao Reddy , Jangareddygudem , A.P. . . * * * . . Terrorism in any form is despicable . To patronise it in the name of god and in the name of religion is a sin against god , religion , and humanity . . . George Olivera , Bangalore .