A survivor of the bombings on the rail system in India 's largest city says a blast damaged his train car so badly that he was amazed anyone got out in one piece . . . Santosh Raphod was on his way home from work during Tuesday 's rush hour in Mumbai when the carriage he was riding in exploded , he toldCBC News on Wednesday . . . It was one of eight blasts on the western port 's commuter train system that killedat least 200people and injured more than700 others . . . Train carriages alongthe city 's widely used western rail line were ripped open between 6:30 p.m. and 7 p.m. local time . No one has claimed responsibility for the attacks . . . Raphod said he was standing about three metresfrom the bomb when it exploded . . . `` I could n't hear the sound , I was very close to the bomb , '' he said . `` After a few seconds , everything was blacked out . All dust was all over us . '' . . Raphod said he realized a few seconds later that he was injured . . . `` My head was hit with a splinter . I was bleeding , '' he said . . . Bleeding from head , he stumbled out . . He said he did n't even realize he had been knocked down until another man told him . The pair made their way out of the train onto the tracks . . . Raphod said he was stunned by the state of the train car . . . `` It was totally broken down . I was surprised to see how people came out in one piece because the train was so badly damaged , '' he said . . . There was chaos in the neighbouring carriage , which was a ladies first-class compartment . Mumbai , likea number of other major cities in the world , offers women-only cars in response to complaints of groping and sexual harassment . . . `` There was panic . They were crying all around , '' said Raphod . . . He received several stitches in his head and remained in hospital three hours for observation . Raphod said he stayed home from work Wednesday because of `` terrible '' head pain . . . Mumbai needs rail system ` lifeline ' . . Raphod said he is concerned about future attacks , but said the commuter rail system is crucial to Mumbai because it is fast and inexpensive . . . Mumbai 's commuter rail line , whichcarries more than six million passengerseach day , is among the most crowded rail systems in the world . . . `` There is no alternative for [ Mumbai ) people , '' said Raphod . `` It is the lifeline of [ Mumbai ) . '' . . India 's financial and entertainment capital , Mumbai 's name was officially changed from Bombay in 1995 .