Special Correspondent . . Additional paramilitary forces sent to Guwahati . . ` Such incidents will not weaken resolve of the Government : Patil Strategy being worked out to counter recent surge in violence . . NEW DELHI : Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday condemned the bomb blast in Guwahati in which seven persons were killed and 30 injured . ` Such violent acts only harm the lives of ordinary people , ' he said . . . Expressing his sorrow , the Prime Minister has sent his condolences to the bereaved families . . . Union Home Minister Shivraj Patil also condemned the blast , which occurred on the eve of Tarun Gogoi Government 's completion of one year in office . He expressed condolences to the kin of those killed and wished speedy recovery to those injured . . . Mr. Patil said such incidents would not weaken the resolve of the Government to deal strongly with divisive forces in Assam and other North-Eastern States . . . Highly-placed Home Ministry sources said that a strategy to counter the recent surge in violence , sponsored by the outlawed United Liberation Front of Asom -LRB- ULFA -RRB- , was being worked out by the Ministry in consultation with the Assam Government . . . The Home Ministry also made available additional paramilitary forces in Guwahati to tighten security in Assam and help maintain law and order in the aftermath of the blast . The Home Ministry directed the State Government to remain vigilant and ensure that peace was maintained , a Ministry spokesman said . . . Home Secretary Madhukar Gupta spoke to the State Chief Secretary to take stock of the situation . The Special Secretary -LRB- Internal Security -RRB- also spoke to the State police chief . . . Increase in violence . . Home Ministry 's figures show an increase in ULFA-sponsored violence in Assam in recent months with the militants resorting to kidnapping , extortion and blasts after the failure of the peace initiative . Officials said that till March 31 this year , there have been 156 incidents in Assam compared to 85 during the same period last year . . . Likewise , 99 civilians were killed during the first three months this year as against 31 during the corresponding period of 2006 . . . Ministry sources said that ULFA , with which the Government declared a month-long ceasefire last year but called it off following the outfit 's refusal to come to the negotiating table , accounted for over 50 per cent of the violent incidents last year .