Four low-intensity blasts rocked the busy Junglee Maharaj Road in Pune on Wednesday evening injuring one person . . . The explosions were set off with pencil cell detonators placed in a plastic bag , a dustbin and on cycles at two locations , police said . . . Speaking to reporters at a blast site , Pune Police Commissioner Gulabrao Pol said it was a case of mischief and no terror act . The situation is under control . There is no need to panic , he added . . . However , Union Home Secretary R.K. Singh said in New Delhi that it was a planned attack and terrorists role could not be ruled out . . . The first explosion occurred around 7.30 p.m. near the Balgandharva Rang Mandir , an auditorium on Junglee Maharaj Road . Dayanand Patil , who was injured in the blast , was carrying a cake box kept in a plastic bag , police said . . . He was admitted to the Sassoon Hospital , where the police recorded his evidence . . . While an unconfirmed report stated that Mr. Patil was a member of social activist Anna Hazares India Against Corruption movement , IAC coordinator Preeti Sharma Menon denied it . . . According to the police , the second explosion occurred in a dustbin outside the popular fast food joint McDonalds . Soon after , the third and fourth blasts were reported at Dena Bank and Garware Chowk , in the same vicinity , with the explosive material planted on cycles . . . Another bomb was defused by the police within the next one hour . The number of the injured might have been higher , but have not been reported as they were minor injuries . . . The explosions occurred on a day the newly appointed Union Home Minister , Sushilkumar Shinde , was scheduled to visit the city . The visit was , however , cancelled earlier in the day . The Home Ministry has rushed a team of National Investigation Agency sleuths to probe the blasts . . . Talking to journalists in New Delhi , Mr. Shinde said a team of the NIA and a bomb disposal squad of the National Security Guard were rushed to Pune . I have no information of its being a terror attack , he said . . . Alert in Delhi . . PTI reports : . . Delhi was put on heightened vigil with the deployment of armed police personnel across the city in the wake of the Pune blasts . . . Roads were barricaded and vehicles checked , while security was strengthened at vital installations like Parliament and other key buildings . . . The police also strengthened security at Jantar Mantar , where Anna Hazare and his team are on an indefinite fast .