A special Prevention of Terrorism Act -LRB- POTA -RRB- court has awarded the death sentence to all three accused in the 2003 twin Mumbai blasts at Gateway of India and Zaveri Bazaar . -LRB- Watch -RRB- Mohammad Hanif Syed , his wife Fehmida and third conspirator Ashrat Ansari were convicted for planting the bombs on August 25 , 2003 that left 54 dead and 244 injured . They had also planted a bomb on July 28 , 2003 in a municipal bus in suburban Ghatkopar which killed two persons . The judge P R Puranik hearing the case observed that it had been proved beyond reasonable doubt they had committed heinous acts resulting in numerous deaths , PTI reported . Syed and Fehmida have been found guilty of planting the bomb in taxis at Gateway of India . Ansari delivered the bomb at Zaveri Bazaar . Special prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam has called it a '' rarest of rare '' case in which the trio had '' enjoyed their act of killing '' . Nikam said they had been unhappy with smaller blasts that resulted in low death tolls and hence used RDX for the twin blasts . This is for the first time that a married couple is being convicted by a POTA court for their involvement in carrying out blasts . After the sentencing , Fahmida broke down outside the court while her husband did not react and stood calm by her side . Ashrat said ` Is andhe kanoon se kya insaaf milega -LRB- what justice can you get when the law is blind -RRB- . Commenting on the verdict , Nikam said , ` We are happy that justice has been delivered . This would send a strong message to terrorists that they would get such punishment if they indulged in barbarous acts ' . ` Initially they had planted a bomb in a bus but since few people were killed , they decided to use powerful bombs on the instructions of Laskhar-e-Taiba , ' Nikam said . Nikam said Fehmida had played a major role in these bomb blasts . She not only planted a bomb in a bus on July 28 , 2003 , along with her husband 's friend Ashrat but also on August 25 , 2003 , she and her husband Hanif planted bombs in taxis at the Gateway of India . ` Fehmida had actively participated in the process of selection and approval of location of targets . Though Fehmida was a woman she was equally cruel as other accused in the execution of conspiracy , ' Nikam said .