Late last August , Indias intelligence services listened in as two Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba operatives discussed plans to attack targets in Pune . . . No evidence has yet emerged to link the timer-controlled , directional improvised explosive device that went off in Pune on Saturday to Pakistan-backed jihadist groups like the Lashkar-e-Taiba . But Indias intelligence services believe that call and a mass of other indications suggest they were the most likely perpetrators of the bombing of the German Bakery . . . Jihadist operations . . Long before Lashkar Deputy Chief held out threats of attacks against Delhi , Pune and Kanpur in a February 5 speech , a mass of jihadist operations had been detected . . . In mid-2009 , Karachi-based jihadist Mohammad Khwaja recently handed over by Sri Lankan authorities to India is believed to have planned a bombing of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sanghs offices in Kolkata to coincide with the Lok Sabha elections . . . Khalid Sardana , a Poonch-based Lashkar operative who played a key role in raising recruits for the organisation , was arrested late last year while attempting to rebuild western India networks he had constructed for the terrorist group while studying at a Gujarat seminary . . . The Karachi Project . . Lashkar commanders , evidence presented by the Federal Bureau of Investigation in support of the prosecution of Pakistani-American jihadist David Headley suggests , were at an advanced stage of planning attacks in New Delhi and Pune . Headley also spoke of what he called the Karachi Project : a Lashkar unit dedicated to using Pakistan-based Indian operatives to stage a renewed series of attacks . . . In Karachi , fugitive Indian Mujahideen leaders Riyaz Ismail Shahbandari , his brother Iqbal Shahbandari and Abdul Subhan Qureshi were believed to be preparing the ground for these attacks , possibly in alliance with long-standing Lashkar operatives from Maharashtra , like Zabiuddin Ansari and Rahil Sheikh . . . The Pune cell . . Investigators are focussing their attentions on the prospect that the attacks were carried out by a Pune jihad cell known to have existed since at least 2006 . Much of the story of the cell emerged from the questioning of Mohammad Mansoor Asghar Peerbhoy , an Indian Mujahideen operative held in the course of a national counter-terrorism operation that targeted the Lashkar-linked group in 2008 . . . Having graduated from Pune University in 1998 , Peerbhoy developed a successful career as a software engineer . He served for over a decade with the offshore operations of several United States-based companies , before he was hired as a web services engineer by Yahoo . . . But like many upwardly mobile professionals , Peerbhoy found himself dislocated by the westernised social milieu he found themselves in and turned to religion . In June , 2004 , he travelled with his father a major contractor of fruit to the Indian Armys western command for the Haj pilgrimage . Later , he began studying Arabic and religion with the Quran Foundation , a prominent religious organisation that steered clear of politics . . . In October , 2006 , during a 10-day spiritual retreat at the Jama Masjid in Pune , Peerbhoy ran into an associate from his Quran Foundation classes who helped alter his world view . Local resident Asif Bashar Sheikh introduced Peerbhoy to Islamism . The young computer engineer began discussing the conflicts in Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan , as well as communal violence in India . . . Later , in the spring of 2007 , though , Peerbhoy was introduced to the Indian Mujahideens key operational commander , Riyaz Shahbandri , and his brother , ideologue Iqbal Shahbandri . Based out of a rented flat off Ashoka Mews in Punes Khondva area , the two men sons of an affluent Mumbai-based tannery owner , who had migrated to the city from Bhatkal , near Mangalore ran a secret jihadist group which called itself Isabah . . . Early on , Peerbhoy was tasked with setting up a website for IsabahArabic for the companions of the Prophet Mohammad . The plan was dropped , but Peerbhoy was paid to attend a courses on internet security to help the organisation communicate safely . Later , on a business visit to the United States , he purchased equipment police say was intended to help the organisation evade espionage and locate unsecured wireless networks . The hacked wireless networks were used to send out manifestos claiming responsibility for bombings in Gujarat and New Delhi . . . Late in August , 2008 , the Bhatkal brothers returned to Mangalore a decision which allowed them to evade the police who arrested Peerbhoy and other members of the Pune jihad cell later that year . However , several members of the Indian Mujahideen network in the city , notably Mohsin Chowdhury , also succeeded in escaping . Police believe the Bhatkal brothers may also have recruited other Pune residents who Peerbhoy and his associates were never introduced to . . . Escalating threat . . Indian intelligence analysis believe that these networks are being revived because the international pressure which compelled Pakistans Inter-Services Intelligence Directorate to clamp down on jihadist operations after the November , 2008 carnage in Mumbai has waned . . . Even as the United States seeks a deal with Afghanistan and Pakistan-based Islamists , Pakistans ISI appears to have been testing Indias responses to violence from the jihadist groups it backs . In October , 2009 , jihadists linked to the networks of Afghan warlord Jalaluddin Haqqani widely believed to be a close ally of Pakistans ISI attempted to bomb Indias Embassy in Kabul , killing 19 people . Later in the winter , tensions escalated along the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir , and rockets were fired across the India-Punjab border .