The all too familiar blame game has begun between the Mayawati government in Uttar Pradesh and the Centre , with both blaming each other for the intelligence failure that led to Tuesday 's blast in Varanasi.Union home minister P. Chidambaram , who visited the spot and met blast victims , shifted the responsibility on the state saying it was a failure on the part of the UP government.The state ignored specific warnings which were issued about terrorists planning an attack on Varanasi 's ghats . We had also sent a letter to the UP government on February 25 , 2010 to share intelligence reports hinting at the possibility of terrorist outfits targeting this particular ghat of Varanasi , Chidambaram said.Since the warning had been conveyed to the state government in advance and that too specifically about a possible strike at Dasashwamedh Ghat , we expected them to take appropriate security measures . It was the result of some security lapse on the part of the state administration , he added.Chidambaram also sounded a grim warning that we should not underestimate the nature of the threat.The retaliation from the state was swift . Hitting back at the Centre , state cabinet secretary Shashank Shekhar Singh said , We had not got any such specific information . The home minister is misleading . The Centre had given routine and general information during Dushehra . But there was no specific information about the ghats.In fact it is the responsibility of the Centre to tackle terrorist activities . The states neither have expertise nor enough force to handle such situations , he added.However , earlier in the day , chief minister Mayawati chose to stay away from the blame game allowing her bureaucrats to do the needful.It 's time to fight terrorism jointly . There should n't be any politics on this issue , the chief minister said , but could n't resist adding the Centre does n't give us sufficient force.The investigating agencies , meanwhile , are groping in the dark after the powerful blast at Shitala Ghat , adjacent to Dasashwamedh Ghat , left one girl dead and over three dozen seriously wounded . Some agencies had wrongly reported about the death of an Italian tourist , who is undergoing treatment at a hospital in Varanasi.The Anti-Terrorist Squad ( ATS ) of the UP Police and central intelligence agencies , including the Intelligence Bureau have cordoned off the area.But they have neither found any trace of a timer or any device or even an electric wire which could have been used to trigger the blast.They confirmed unofficially that it was an improvised explosive device ( IED ) made of ammonium nitrate mixed in burnt charcoal which had massive upward impact and left a one-feet deep crater at the blast site.People heard the sound of the blast three km away . The intensity was such that the stone slabs were thrown up 10m in the air and those standing in a radius of 12 metres were sent flying . So far we have only collected broken pieces of a milk canister , a central intelligence official said rejecting additional DGP Brijlal 's assertion that it was a low-intensity blast.He also confirmed that two IEDs were recovered . Such a ` The Centre does n't give us sufficient forces ' trend has been seen in every terrorist attack committed by those who call their organisation the Indian Mujahideen . In fact failure of some bombs is seen as signature stamp of the IM , the official said.Trying to save his skin , Rajendra Pal Singh , Inspector General of Police denied that any more bomb was recovered and said the bomb disposal squad had done the sanitisation work at Dasashwamedh Ghat and Shitala Ghat at 5pm on Tuesday.This suggests that the bomb was planted in the cavity of the stair after 5pm . The rest is part of investigation for which we all are waiting , he added.POINT COUNTERPOINTUNION HOME MINISTER P. CHIDAMBARAMON HOLDING THE STATE RESPONSIBLEWe had cautioned all state governments that in the run up to 26/11 and 6/12 anniversaries , we can expect threats from terrorists . In fact , as far as UP is concerned , a specific advice was given on February 25 , 2010 that the Dashashwamedh Ghat was one of the targets . So this area had been identified as a possible target in February 2010 . I am not here to do a ` jugalbandi ' to blame anyone but specific advisories were given ... It is for the government of UP to realise that it is first the responsibility of the state government to maintain law and order . Police and public order are state subjects.ON POLICE LAXITYI think the police made some arrangements ... There may have been some kind of laxity . I have always said there is no scope for relaxing the vigil . Unfortunately , despite the presence of the platoon , somebody was able to plant an IED in the Shitala Ghat . I think there is a lesson for the police.UP CABINET SECRETARY SHASHANK SHEKHAR SINGHON CENTRE HOLDING THE STATE RESPONSIBLEHolding state responsible is not justified . There was no specific actionable intelligence input regarding a terrorist act in Varanasi . An alert was received on February 25 this year , but that was up to Dusshera festival ( in October ) only . Expecting that input to be specific and actionable even after Dusshera festival is not justified ... Stating that the state was alerted in advance is far from reality.DENYING POLICE LAXITYAs a routine exercise , ghats where Ganga ` arti ' is held is sanitised at 5 pm every day and this exercise was carried out yesterday as well . Thus , there was no laxity yesterday.The chief minister is of the clear view that terrorism is a national problem and stringent action should be taken to tackle this . She is of the view that until and unless borders are secure it will not be possible to check acts of terrorism . .