Ludhiana , ( IANS ) As the Punjab police , security agencies and forensic experts Monday tried to gather shreds of evidence about those behind the powerful blast in a cinema hall in Ludhiana Sunday , it has become clear that those targeted were migrant labourers and workers from Uttar Pradesh , Bihar and other states . . . Six people were killed and nearly 30 injured when a bomb went off in the front rows of the Shingaar cinema hall . A Bhojpuri film - `` Janam Janam Ke Saath '' - was being screened at the time and the movie had restarted after the interval . . . All those killed and the majority of the injured were migrant labourers who had settled in this city - one of the biggest industrial cities in Asia - for work . . . Those behind the blasts carefully targeted the theatre that was regularly showing Bhojpuri films for the migrant population . Being the festival of Eid and a Sunday , there was a huge rush at the theatre . . . One third of the 3.5 million residents of Ludhiana and its nearby areas are migrant workers . . . Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal said that terrorism would not be allowed to raise its head in Punjab again . . . `` We will ensure greater security and also bring the perpetrators of this crime to book . We will ensure full security of migrants in the state , '' Badal said here Monday . . . Punjab police officials investigating the blast said they were working on all theories , including a possible link to Kashmiri terrorist outfits and Babbar Khalsa International ( BKI ) - a Khalistani terrorist organisation . . . `` A forensic team from the National Security Guards has also arrived . We are working on various theories , '' said Jalandhar range inspector general Sanjiv Kalra . . . Reacting to the Ludhiana blast , former Punjab supercop K.P.S. Gill pointed out : `` Cells of the Babbar Khalsa international are trying to re-activate in Punjab . They still have their links in Pakistan and also with other terrorist outfits . The cinema hall blast here came within hours of the bomb blast at the Sufi shrine of Ajmer in Rajasthan Friday . '' . . The cinema hall and two smaller theatres , which comprise the Shingaar cinema complex , were evacuated Sunday evening after the blast to search for any other explosives . . . Security officials admitted that they had no intelligence that Punjab could be a target of terrorists , though Punjab 's director general of police N.P.S. Aulakh said : `` We had issued an alert for the festival season '' . . . The state was put on red alert after Sunday 's blast . . . Punjab-based terrorist groups like BKI did figure in the twin bomb blasts in cinema halls in Delhi in 2005 . There have been reports occasionally with security agencies here that terrorists groups had made several attempts to re-group and re-active their cells in Punjab . The Punjab Police seized over six kilograms of RDX in January this year near Jalandhar . . . The Punjab Police is now probing all angles to the blast at Ludhiana , including the recent conviction and awarding of death penalty to Babbar Khalsa terrorist Jagtar Singh Hawara and others in the Beant Singh assassination case by a court in Chandigarh .