Mohammed Iqbal and Praveen Swami . . Shrine venerated by Hindus , Muslims and Christians across northern India . . JAIPUR/NEW DELHI : Two people were killed and 17 injured on Thursday when a bomb ripped through the dargah of the Sufi saint Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti in Ajmer , a shrine in Rajasthan venerated by Hindus , Muslims and Christians across northern India . . . Officials said the bomb went off at 6.12 p.m. , near the Ahata-e-Noor , a courtyard located some 20 metres from the saints mausoleum . Some 5,000 devotees are estimated to have been present inside the shrine complex at the time of the bombing , which took place soon after Iftar the time when the day-long fast observed during the month of Ramzan is broken . . . A PTI report said one of the persons killed was identified as 45-year-old Mohd . Shoaib from Mumbai , who had come to offer prayers . . . Panic gripped the shrine and the neighbourhood after the deafening explosion . People seeking to escape the area rushed into the narrow alleyways surrounding it , while shopkeepers downed the shutters hurriedly . Police , who reached the site immediately , cordoned off the entire area , thus preventing a stampede which could have claimed more lives . . . Amid the commotion , a crowd of angry devotees attacked policemen at the Dargah Bazaar . The situation was immediately brought under control and the district administration appealed to the people to maintain calm . Ajmer Divisional Commissioner DeepakUpreti said extra forces had been rushed to the pilgrim city to ensure that prayers at the shrine could be restored as early as possible . . . Intelligence sources in New Delhi said that the device used to execute the bombing was fabricated by packing a low-intensity explosive and metal fragments inside a metal lunch-box . Fragments of a mobile phone were also recovered from the site , but forensic experts were unable to immediately determine if it or a clock-based timing device was used to trigger the explosion . No group has claimed responsibility for the terror strike , which comes on the eve of Jumat AlVida last Friday of the month of Ramzan , which is marked by special prayers . . . Officials , however , noted that the Ajmer attack was the most recent in a string of attacks on Muslim religious institutions and civilian targets since 2006 , for several of which members of the Lashkar-e-Taiba have been alleged to be responsible . . . Earlier warning . . Speaking at a conference of Directors-General of Police from across India , Union Home Minister Shivraj Patil had last week warned that terror groups like the Lashkar-e-Taiba would strike religious institutions in an effort to provoke communal conflict . However , Intelligence Bureau sources said , there had been no specific warnings that a strike on Ajmer or any other shrine was imminent . . . Attack condemned . . Muslim social groups here condemned the attack inside the dargah , which they said was intended to disturb communal harmony in Rajasthan . Jamat-e-Islami Hind State president Mohammed Salim said the elements choosing soft targets like the dargah should be identified by a thorough probe and their plans exposed . A delegation led by All India Congress Committee general secretary Harendra Mirdha , left for Ajmer to meet the injured and visit the dargah . . . New Delhi Special Correspondent writes : . . Union Home Minister Shivraj Patil has condemned the blast at the Ajmer dargah , saying that condemnable designs of elements inimical to the country to cause communal discord should not be allowed to succeed . . . Union Home Secretary Madhukar Gupta said the Ministry was in constant touch with the State government .