Vinay Kumar . . Lashkar hand suspected ; objective is to raise communal violence . . Objective is to raise ` tempo of communal violence ' in India : sources Emergency security review meeting held at Manmohan 's residence Patil , Lalu , Sonia to visit Mumbai to review situation . . NEW DELHI : While Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asserted his Government 's resolve to ` fight terror in all forms ' , highly placed sources in the Government believe that Lashkar-e-Taiba was behind the serial bomb blasts in Mumbai 's suburban trains on Tuesday . . . Photo Gallery : Mumbai Suburban Train Blasts . . Highly placed government sources told The Hindu that the blasts in Mumbai 's local trains was ` clearly a job of Lashkar ' and the objective was to raise the ` tempo of communal violence ' in the country . . . Security and intelligence chiefs , officials of the Union Home Ministry and senior government officials who attended the emergency security review meeting at the Race Course Road residence of the Prime Minister also discussed the ` coordinated ' modus operandi of the blasts and the assessment was that Lashkar-e-Taiba was behind it with the objective of raising the tempo of communal violence across the country . . . The main worry and challenge , sources pointed out , was to ensure that such incidents did not occur at any other city or sensitive place in the country . With this aim , Home Ministry sent out advisories to all the States , alerting them of potential threats and asking them to put their law and order machinery in top gear . New Delhi was also put on a high state of red alert . . . After the hour-long security review meeting in the wake of the Srinagar grenade attacks and the Mumbai blasts , the Prime Minister appealed to the people to remain calm . In a statement , read out by Union Home Minister Shivraj Patil , the Prime Minister said , ` We will work to defeat the evil designs of terrorists and will not allow them to succeed . ' Dr. Singh 's statement came after he presided over the security review meeting . Besides Mr. Patil , the meeting was attended by National Security Adviser M.K. Narayanan , Home Secretary V.K. Duggal and Intelligence Bureau chief E.S.L. Narasimhan . . . While appealing to the people to stay calm , Dr. Singh said , ` The Government will take all possible measures to maintain law and order and defeat the forces of terrorism . ' He described the grenade attacks in Srinagar and the Mumbai blasts as ` shocking and cowardly attempts to spread a feeling of fear and terror among our people . ' Describing the attacks as attempts to disturb peace , the Minister said the Government would fight terrorism in a determined manner . . . Emergency meeting . . The emergency meeting at the Prime Minister 's residence decided that the Home Minister and the Railway Minister Lalu Prasad should visit Mumbai to make an on-the-spot assessment of the situation . . . They will be accompanied by Congress President Sonia Gandhi . Railway Board Chairman J.P. Batra , Director-General of Railway Protection Force A.K. Suri and senior Railway Board officials will accompany them . . . It was decided to tighten security at all airports , vital installations , railway stations and sensitive places . The Centre was in constant touch with the Maharashtra Government and offered all assistance to the State Government . . . The Government 's main concern stemmed from the fact that terror organisations were able to strike in a ` coordinated manner ' within a matter of a few hours in Srinagar and Mumbai though the two attacks were not being linked . . . Top Home Ministry officials were in touch with the police commissioners of Hyderabad , Kolkata , Bangalore , Pune , Nagpur and the police chiefs of Uttar Pradesh and other States . . . Mr. Patil said all information from Mumbai was being collected ; anything about the blasts could be stated only after detailed investigations and analysis . . . The blasts during peak traffic hours in suburban trains smacked of the modus operandi adopted during the March 1993 serial blasts in busy places such as the stock exchange and markets where RDX was used by terrorists , killing nearly 300 people and injuring 700 .