Meena Menon . . Mithun Chakravarty named in Nanded case remains unidentified , untraceable . . Chakravarty trained the accused in bomb making : police . . But no one seems to know him except Himanshu Panse , who was killed in blast . . MUMBAI : In the April 2006 Nanded blast case , a mysterious name kept cropping up in the course of investigations . More than one accused named Mithun Chakravarty , referred to as Sir . . . However , this man was never traced . The former Anti-Terrorism Squad -LRB- ATS -RRB- chief and now Additional Director - General of Police , K.P. Raghuvanshi , told The Hindu that Chakravarty was not identified , nor was he traceable . . . Chakravarty was the man who trained the accused in making bombs , the police official said . . . No one seemed to know him except Himanshu Panse , who was one of the two persons killed in the blast . Mr. Raghuvanshi said the blast was caused by Hindu fundamentalists and even in the September 29 , 2008 Malegaon incident , it appeared so . . . Activist Teesta Setalvad , who has been monitoring the Nanded case , has written in Communalism Combat that Chakravarty was excluded from the scope of further investigation even after the Central Bureau of Investigation had taken over the case from the ATS . Now the CBI is trying to find links between the Nanded and Malegaon blasts and there is speculation that Chakravarty could be the missing link . . . Right-wing involvement . . According to sources , the two blasts point to the involvement of right-wing groups . While nothing is official , Mr. Arun Kumar , CBI Joint Director , who is in the city , has reportedly questioned Lt. Col. Shrikant Prasad Purohit , an accused in the Malegaon blast case . When contacted , all Mr. Arun Kumar would say on record was that the CBI had issued a four-line statement from New Delhi . . . According to R. K. Gaur , press information officer , the statement read : The CBI has investigated the Nanded blasts and filed a charge sheet on March 15 , 2008 . The ATS Maharashtra has arrested nine persons during the investigations of the Malegaon bomb blast case . The CBI has established informal interaction with the Maharashtra ATS in connection with the investigation . The ATS is doing investigation into the sensitive case in a very professional manner . In case they require any assistance , the CBI is ready to provide all cooperation . . . In the supplementary charge sheet filed on November 9 by the ATS in the Nanded blast case , Mithun Chakravarty is mentioned as the person who trained the accused in making pipe bombs . He also trained the accused Maruti Keshav Wagh , Himanshu Panse , Sanjay Choudhari and Yogesh Ravindra Vidulkar in 2003 at Akanksha Resort near Sinhagad in Pune district . . . Chakravarty trained all these men in making three types of bombs including an improvised explosive device . The men learnt how to prepare bombs and explode them during the training . Chakravarty gave Himanshu Panse explosives at the end of the training . . . His name cropped up even in the reports on narco analysis done on Sanjay Choudhari and another accused , Rahul Manohar Pande . On preparation of the bomb , Pande said two persons had given training to Panse ; one of them was named Mithun Chakravarty from Pune . . . During the narco analysis on Sanjay Choudhari , he said the person who had given them training was called Sir by Himanshu and his name is Mithun Chakraborthy who had a beard , was tall and stout built and while returning , from the training , at the Pune railway station , he gave a bag which contained material used for preparing the bomb .