Three blasts between 6.54 p.m. and 7.05 p.m. on Wednesday rocked the crowded areas of Mumbai , killing 21 persons and injuring 141 others . The most powerful one , suspected to have been set off by an IED ( improvised explosive device ) , occurred at Zaveri Bazaar in south Mumbai , a congested part of the city , the second at Kabutarkhana near the Dadar suburban railway station in central Mumbai and the third at Opera House , also in south Mumbai . Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan , confirming the death toll , said the blasts were a terror strike and the police would get to the bottom of it . He said the blasts occurred at 6.54 p.m. , 6.55 p.m. and 7.05 p.m. Appealing to Mumbaikars to remain calm , Mr. Chavan said he had spoken to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Union Home Minister P. Chidambaram and both of them assured the State all help . In the blast near a bus stop at Kabutarkhana , according to eyewitness accounts , a car that was passing by was shattered and its driver injured . The damaged bus stop and broken glass of nearby shops bore testimony to the intensity of the bomb , which was placed near the Hanuman Mandir , according to Additional Chief Secretary ( Home ) Umeshkumar Sarangi . Mr. Sarangi said the bomb at Zaveri Bazaar was placed in an umbrella , while the one at Opera House was in a manhole . While Mumbai Police Commissioner Arup Patnaik confirmed that it was an IED that was used at Zaveri Bazaar , investigations are still on to confirm the kind of explosive used at the other two places . At Dadar , eyewitnesses said , the explosion was so loud many thought a building had collapsed . Rajendra Rathod , who has a shop just opposite the place where the bomb went off , told The Hindu that the intensity caused him to fall on the ground . A motorcyclist riding by also suffered the impact . The police cordoned off the entire area which was crammed with onlookers and the media . There was a scuffle as workers of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena ( MNS ) insisted the police were late in taking away the injured persons to hospital . People said they saw at least four persons lying injured and one dead . Luckily , no schoolchild was injured , said Amruta Parab . For at this time of the day , usually lots of children and parents would be moving around the nearby school . Kabutarkhana is one of the most crowded areas outside the Dadar suburban station and usually there would be 150-200 people around . Rahul Gokhale heard the blast sound a little away at Portuguese Church where he lives in , and came to the site , where he witnessed chaos and confusion . Pointing out that it was a difficult situation , Mr. Patnaik said Mumbai had witnessed blasts again and again . He promised the people that the guilty would be brought to book . This is the third bomb blast at Zaveri Bazaar , the heart of the diamond trading area of the city . The earlier two happened in 1993 and in 2003 . On Wednesday , the bomb exploded in an area popularly called Khau Galli where people gather to have a snack in the evenings . It was littered with shattered glass and crowds surged to the site . Jayesh Labdhi , a diamond merchant , was coming out of his office when he heard the loud explosion which he thought was caused by firing . Then he heard people running around and saying it was a blast . He said that he took 14-20 people to hospital . He saw almost 30 people lying around with injuries . Some eyewitnesses said that they heard two blasts one after the other . Pravinbhai Tanna said the bomb exploded outside a shop called Super Tools . Its owner Syed Radhanpurwalla and some others inside the shop were seriously injured . Mustafa Patakdawalla , who was helping the injured , saw a huge plume of smoke rising into the sky . Dheeraj Degliya was injured in the leg and hurt by metal particles . After the explosion there was complete darkness in the smoke-filled area . He said rains were a blessing because fewer people were out on the road . In Opera House the bomb exploded outside the J K building in the Panchvati diamond chowk area . Pankaj Jain , a diamond trader , was in his ground floor office nearby when he heard the explosion which brought a sleet of shattered glass inside . He sustained head injuries and fled the scene to get admitted to the Saifee Hospital . There were scenes of chaos at both the Saifee and Harkisondas hospitals with relatives and the media thronging the place for information . Jayant Sanghvi lost his hearing after the explosion . Speaking to The Hindu at the Saifee hospital , he said he had suffered head injuries too . The blast was heard a km away and even two streets down the road . On a normal day there would be 3,000 to 4,000 people in the area . At the GT Hospital , Sadashiv Bhane was badly shaken as his son , who works in Kalbadevi as a clerk , was injured . Barun Samanta , a gold worker is frantically searching for his colleague , Kamal Dalai . A hospital worker said nearly 30 injured persons were brought from Zaveri Bazaar and most of the serious cases were transferred to JJ and KEM . OPEN