The National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) has named two more accused in the 2007 Samjhauta Express blasts case , thus taking the total number of accused to seven . In its supplementary charge sheet filed at a special court at Panchkula , the NIA has named Kamal Chauhan , alias Bhai Saab , and Amit alias Ashwani Chauhan , and charged them with murder , conspiracy , and some other serious offences . In its charge sheet , the NIA has accused Chauhan and Amit , who is currently missing , of planting suitcase bombs in the Indo-Pak Samjhauta Express train that claimed 68 lives , mostly Pakistanis , on February 18 , 2007 . The NIA has said the duo , along with Lokesh Sharma and Samunder , alias Rajender Choudhary , who is also missing , had planted the bombs in the train near Panipat . The remaining five accused charged under various sections of the Indian Penal Code and Unlawful Activities ( Prevention ) Act are Naba Kumar Sarkar alias Swami Asimanand , Sunil Joshi ( now dead ) , Lokesh Sharma , Sandeep Dange , and Ramchandra Kalasangra alias Ramji . All the seven accused are allegedly linked to Hindu right-wing organisations . In its charge sheet , the NIA , which has been investigating the case since July 29 , 2010 , has said that Kamal Chauhan had visited Delhi from Indore to select the target for the blasts . They had initially decided on Delhis Jama Masjid area , but dropped the plan due to tight security in the communally sensitive locality . Later on , Samjhauta Express was selected as the target . They -LSB- Chauhan and Rajender -RSB- came by train to Delhi along with Lokesh Sharma and Amit for planting the bombs , and in due course , they planted the bombs as decided earlier by them . Investigation has also revealed that all of them had undertaken training in 2006 in a jungle near Bagli , District Dewas , Madhya Pradesh . The accused , Kamal Chauhan and Amit , conspired and planned with the remaining accused and suspects and executed this terrorist act . They planted bombs in Samjhauta Express train on February 18 , 2007 , the NIA statement said . OPEN