The Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad , which had announced rewards amounting to Rs . 10 lakh each on Indian Mujahideen chief Yasin Bhatkal and his three aides allegedly involved in terror cases , have received as many as 40 phone calls in a weeks time seeking to provide them clues , but none of them has yielded results so far . According to the police , the callers claimed they had spotted persons resembling the wanted accused either in a public transport bus or at places like bus stops and railway stations . Besides these telephone calls , about 60 missed calls were received at the numbers provided by the ATS as the callers wanted to verify if they were correct , the police said . When we called them back after the missed calls , the callers said they wanted to verify whether the numbers were correct so that they could make calls if they spot the terrorists , said a police officer . One of the callers asked the ATS to mail him the photographs of the wanted accused as the pictures on the posters were not clear , the police added . Another person who had called from Pune said he had spotted a person resembling one of the wanted accused Asadullah Akhtar Javed Akhtar a few days ago . Following this , an ATS team rushed to him and took down the details . On February 12 , the ATS announced a cash reward of Rs 10 lakh to any person providing information leading to the arrest of Yasin Bhatkal ( 30 ) , Tahaseen Akhtar Wasim Aktar Shaikh ( 23 ) , Asadulla Akhtar Javed Akhtar ( 26 ) and Waqas alias Ahmed ( 26 ) . All the four accused were allegedly involved in three coordinated bomb explosions at different locations in Mumbai during peak evening hours on July 13 , 2011 . The blasts occurred at Opera House , Zaveri Bazaar , and Dadar West , leaving 27 dead and 130 injured . Five accused had been arrested and a 4,000-page charge sheet was filed in May last year in a special MCOCA court . Tahaseen planted the bomb that caused the Dadar blast , and the remaining three were involved in the four coordinated low-intensity explosions , which struck the arterial road in Pune city on August 1 , 2012 . Eight accused had been arrested in this connection . Yasin and Asadulla were involved in blasts that occurred over the past decade in Ahmedabad , Surat , Bangalore , Delhi and Hyderabad , ATS sources said . PTI OPEN