Special Correspondent . . NEW DELHI : Within hours of the blast in the Mehrauli area of the capital , the Bharatiya Janata Party -LRB- BJP -RRB- on Saturday accused the Prime Minister of being soft on terror for the sake of vote-bank politics . . . Condemning the blast , BJP spokesman Rajiv Pratap Rudy sought to draw attention to the irony that the blast took place even as Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was calling for a campaign against terrorism , at the United Nations General Assembly . . . Expressing concern over the fact that the capital had come under terror attack for the second time in a month , Mr. Rudy said it was high time the government stopped debating and discussing terrorism , and began acting against it . . . Vice-President Hamid Ansari said such mindless and reprehensible acts of violence were intended to disturb the peace and impede national progress . He appealed to all sections of society to maintain calm . . . Home Minister Shivraj Patil said the government had taken a series of measures recently to beef up security in the capital . Whatever more is required to be done will be done expeditiously . I condemn todays -LSB- Saturdays -RSB- blast and appeal to the people of Delhi to remain calm , he said in a statement . . . Congress president Sonia Gandhi expressed deep shock and concern and said the blast should be condemned in the strongest terms . . . Responding to the BJP demand , party spokesperson Manish Tewari said this was the time for the nation to be seen as one in the fight against terror . The principal party in the Opposition should stand up and send a strong signal that political parties were one in meeting this challenge rather than play this game of oneupmanship . . . Communist Party of India national secretary D. Raja said the intelligence agencies should understand and counter the new methods being employed by the terrorists . . . Campaign . . The All-India Forward Bloc said it would organise a three-day nationwide campaign from Sunday against increasing terrorist activities across the country .