British intelligence analystRichard M Bennett says the serial attacks in Mumbai were masterminded by outfits from abroad . . . According to him , ` The level of sophistication and organisation needed to carry out such a widespread and tightly coordinated attack is beyond the known capabilities of any of the Islamic groups operating in either Kashmir or elsewhere in India . ' . . In an e-mail to rediff.com immediately after the blasts , he said , ` This has all the hallmarks of a Special Forces/Intelligence operation ... it may have been carried out by expendable extremists , but those who were the promoters and brains have military training . ' . . ` The Mumbai blasts is an attack on India 's soft underbelly , ' said Ajit Doval , former director , Intelligence Bureau . . . Doval too agrees with the views of the British expert . ` From my experience I think that the blasts are not an indigenous effort . It is the exported variety of terrorism . The blasts of Mumbai have a foreign origin and it is obvious that a lot of effort has gone behind its execution . ' . . Doval , who extensively investigated fugitive gangster Dawood Ibrahim 's involvement in the March 12 , 1993 Mumbai bomb blasts , said , ` The saboteurs are telling India that they are alive , kicking and have the capacity to strike at any place in India , at a time of their choosing . ' . . ` India must give a counter message , ' Doval said . ` We must prove that we have the capacity to hound them wherever they are . Terrorists must get the message that the threshold level of patience of Indians is not infinite . If we do n't do something now then the enemies of India will keep surprising us . ' . . ` Today 's blasts must have involved more than 25 people who might have knowingly and unknowingly participated . It is very likely that the masterminds are not in India . The actual perpetrators may not be more than four or five but these guys must have got help from many people . The infrastructure for these blasts must have been quite big . Motor vehicles , local agents , people who provided cover to terrorists and people who planted the devices must have been involved . They should be and will be found out . ' .