At least eight persons , including one soldier , were killed in a powerful car bomb explosion outside the main gate of the heavily guarded Badami Bagh cantonment in Srinagar on Monday afternoon . . . Police sources said that a suicide bomber drove an explosive-laden car to the entrance of the cantonment housing the headquarters of the 15 Corps before blowing the car up . . . The Jamiatul Mujahideen and the Jaishe Mahammadi , the outfit which Maulana Masood Azhar currently heads , have both claimed responsibility for the blast . The latter identified the bomber as Abdullahbhai , a resident of Birmingham in the United Kingdom . . The sources said the explosion killed eight persons , including the bomber , on the spot while 17 others , including eight security personnel , were wounded . . . Police sources said the car bearing licence plate DL-5C-5889 was snatched from Mohammad Mujtaba in downtown Srinagar earlier in the day . Mujtaba was abducted and released later in the evening by the car snatchers . . . Minutes after the explosion , Union Defence Minister George Fernandes arrived in Srinagar on a visit to the valley . Sources said immediately after his arrival , Fernandes drove to the local Hindustan Machine Tools factory and met the employees . . . The minister did not visit the Badami Bagh cantonment . He later returned to New Delhi . . . Public Relations Officer of 15 Corps Major Bharat Shahane told rediff.com , ` Going by the account of witnesses , there was one suicide bomber inside the car . We are verifying this information . ' . . Some of the civilians wounded in the incident were rushed to the army 's base hospital . . . The Kashmir range police chief , however , said that militants had parked the explosive laden car near the main entrance , which later exploded . . . Parking of vehicles is banned in the area after a suicide bomber drove a car laden with explosives up to the main gate on April 19 this year before exploding it . . . In November last year , then PRO of 15 Corps Major Purshottam and six soldiers were killed when a suicide squad of militants stormed the cantonment . . . The troops guarding the area , sources said , opened fire resulting in injuries to a few civilians . The injured jawans were rushed to the hospital inside the cantonment . . . The explosion set off a fire in an adjoining shopping complex . The fire engulfed several shops and fire tenders were rushed to the spot . . . However , witnesses alleged the fire was started by the security forces . Senior police officers , including Inspector General -LRB- Kashmir -RRB- Dr Ashok Bhan , were not allowed to visit the spot . . . Troops who sealed the area prevented the state 's fire services chief from visiting the spot . Soldiers in full battle gear cordoned off the area . No movement was allowed till late Monday evening . . . The traffic on the Srinagar-Anantnag highway was completely disrupted and all south Kashmir bound vehicles were diverted to other routes . . . The blast comes days after the prime minister announced an one month extension in the unilateral ceasefire in J&K . . . Militants lobbed a hand grenade on a security picket of the Special Services Bureau inside the government press building . However , no one was injured . . . Later , SSB members allegedly roughed up scores of passers-by near the Lal Chowk bus stand . . . On Monday morning , militants lobbed a hand grenade on a Border Security Force picket at Qamarwari in Srinagar resulting in injuries to two civilians . . . Militants fired on a police patrol at village Pahanhad in Darhal sector of Rajouri district . The policemen returned the fire and in the gun battle , one special police officer was killed . . . Militants on Monday afternoon shot at and killed one person identified as Bilal Ahmed Dar in Lal Chowk . . . One militant was killed and an SPO wounded in a gun battle at village Khaniter Top in Poonch district . . . COMPLETE COVERAGEGovernment initiated ceasefire in J&K . . Back to top . . Tell us what you think of this report .