Guwahati , December 13 Five persons were killed and four others seriously injured when a bomb explosion rocked 2423 Down Dibrugarh-Guwahati-New Delhi Rajdhani Express between Naojan and Chungajan Railway stations of Assams Golaghat district , about 282 km from here , at around 1:10 am on Thursday . . . The impact of the explosion left a crater of 1.8 m diameter and 82 cm depth on the track , besides causing damage to two rails of the track . Golaghat district SP Prodip Saloi suspected hand of All Adivasi National Liberation Army ( AANLA ) in the explosion that rocked the elite train . He said an expert team was investigating into the blast . . . The AANLA , an Adivasi militant group , was floated in 2005 . The Assam police alleged that AANLA enjoyed patronage of bigger rebel groups , including the Naga rebel group NSCN-IM and the banned ULFA . . . The outfit is very active in bordering areas of Golaghat and Karbi Anglong districts of Assam . . . The north-east Frontier Railway chief public relations officer , Trikalagya Rabha informed that the deceased were identified as Satyaprakash Rai ( 45 ) , Sudama Rai ( 45 ) , Lakshman Rai ( 44 ) , A.K. Sah ( 20 ) and D. Prasad ( 19 ) . . . The four seriously inured persons were identified as Lakshman Sah , Tapas Roy , Amarendra Singh and B. Chowdhury . They have been sent to Dimapur Civil Hospital in Nagaland . The toll may go up as injured were stated to be in critical condition . . . All these passengers were travelling in the luggage van of the Rajdhani Express from Dibrugarh to Guwahati , the NFR official said . . . The Railway claims that luggage van in the train is partially utilised to accommodate passengers travelling between Dibrugarh to Guwahati . . . Initially , the explosion was suspected to have occurred inside the luggage van of the train . But later it was ascertained to have occurred on the track . . . The loco driver didnt stop the train immediately after the blast that occurred in a forest area . . . The train stopped at the next station at Chungajan , about five km from the blast site , which later resumed its onward journey to Guwahati at 6:45 am . . . Other passengers travelling in the affected luggage van were shifted to a 3-tier AC bogie . . . The train later reached Guwahati around 11 am before it proceeds to the final destination , New Delhi . Top railway and security officials had rushed to the site immediately after the blast . The Railway technical staff have already repaired the track at the blast site . . . An investigation has been launched into the blast that has affected the high security train . There has been a practice to scan the track in insurgency hit areas of the state before the Rajdhani Express is allowed to pass through . . . The 2423 Down Rajdhani Express leaves Dibrugarh in eastern Assam with five coaches , including a non-AC luggage van at 8:15 pm , and reaches Guwahati at 5:55 am next morning . . . It leaves Guwahati for New Delhi at 7 am in the morning . The train was running four hours late on Thursday because of the blast .