Pune : . . 2.35 pm : Delhi police sends special team to Pune . The Special Cell Team is expected to gather information about the chemicals used in the explosives . . . 2.25 pm : Reports claim use of cycles and triggers indicate possible links to Indian Mujahideen ( IM ) . . . 1.35 pm : Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde addresses press after the high-level meet . . . Shinde said a team of National Investigation and experts of National Security Guards were already in Pune and they have joined the investigation with Maharashtra Police . . . `` The report of the investigation has not yet come , '' he said , adding , one injured person had been admitted to hospital . . . Asked how he would like to describe the four explosions in his home state , the minister said `` I can not say what sort of attack it was '' . . . Shinde also said he has no immediate plan to visit Pune . . . Yesterday 's blasts took place hours after Shinde assumed charge of the key Home Ministry . . . 12.38 pm : Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde convened a high-level meeting on Thursday to assess the security situation in the country . The meeting was attended by Home Secretary RK Singh and senior officials from intelligence agencies like RAW and IB . . . 12.07 noon : Reports state that the CCTVs at the blast venue were not working as contractor was not paid . . . 11.30 am : Cops quiz prime accesses wife . . . 11.20 am : Deccan Gymkhana Police Station registered an FIR in the case . . . 10.57 am : Reacting on the serial blasts Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi said the Centre should adopt a zero tolerance policy on terror and take strong measures to curb such attacks . . . `` I hope the Government of India , by adopting a zero tolerance policy on terror , will take some stern steps to curb such terror strikes and make its presence felt , which is a common expectation of the people , '' Modi told reporters here . . . Such attacks still indicate that terrorist still have a stronghold in the country and measures should be taken to check and prevent such incidents , Modi said . . . `` The blast in Pune is an issue of concern . A terror strike on the eve of Rakshbandhan celebrations and on joining of new Home Minister in India shows ulterior motives of those wanting to create an atmosphere of fear and instability in the nation , '' Modi said . . . `` There is a need to remain vigilant and give it a more serious thought . The issue is not where the blast occurred , what was its intensity , how much damage was caused , but these elements are giving a message that their power should not be undermined or ignored , '' he said . . . 9.55 am : Maharashtra Home Minister R R Patil on Thursday said investigating agencies were probing all angles to determine whether any terror outfit was behind the low intensity serial bomb blasts that rocked the city last night . . . `` Whether it was a terrorist act or not will be determined only after proper investigations are carried out by Maharashtra ATS , city crime branch and central agencies , '' Patil told reporters after visiting the four blast sites on J M Road here . . . When asked whether there could be a `` saffron terror '' angle to the incident , he said , `` All angles are being probed and it will not be proper to comment at this stage . '' . . Earlier , media reports had claimed that the man who was injured in the blast near Balgandharva and who was thought to be the main suspect was given a clean chit by the police on Thursday . . . Reports state , the person who was identified as Dayanand Patil , a local tailor , had accidentally picked up the bag out of curiosity , opened it and got injured . He was discharged from Sasoon Hospital on Thursday morning but was taken into custody by the Pune Crime Branch for further questioning . . . The police have also collected the CCTV footage of the blast sites . . . Home Secretary RK Singh said that the NIA team is investigating the 2 IEDs that did n't explode . . . He said that since blasts took place in 45mins within a 1km radius , it shows that there was some planning involved . . . NIA reports confirm that the bicycles used in the blasts were all brand new and the cops are questioning all the bicycle dealers in the city . . . A team of the National Bomb Data Centre ( NBDC ) led by a lieutenant colonel on Thursday visited the blast spot outside McDonald 's restaurant on Jangli Maharaj road . The team collected samples of the explosive that that had gone off outside the restaurant . . . The team of police officials collected the bicycles and dustbins in an investigation van . The bicycles and dustbins would be part of the material evidence . . . Initial reports indicate that ammonium nitrate was used in the Pune blasts . During the investigation , some black sticky substance has been found which is being studied by the FSL to ascertain what exactly it is . . . Reports claim that the material used in the blast suggests it was a well-planned attack . Media reports state that the the operation does n't appear to be the work of a sleeper cell but of a terror group . . . Forensic experts who visited the four sites are closely examining the detonators and ball bearings used in the bombs . The fifth bomb that was defused is also being examined for leads . . . Related Articles : Suspect of Pune blasts a local tailor , says policeSecurity tightened in Kolkata following Pune blastsSecurity stepped up in Chandigarh after blasts in Pune . . KUCH BHI OMG OH ! TERI WOW ! FUNNY AWW ! . . KUCH BHI OMG OH ! TERI WOW ! FUNNY AWW ! . . googletag.display ( ` div-gpt-ad-1415181470682-6 ' ) ; . . googletag.display ( ` div-gpt-ad-1415181470682-6 ' ) ; . . .