US President Barack Obama has offered US help in bringing the perpetrators of the Mumbai blasts to justice . `` India is a close friend and partner of the United States . The American people will stand with the Indian people in times of trial , and we will offer support to India 's efforts to bring the perpetrators of these terrible crimes to justice , '' he said . . . Indian PM Manmohan Singh condemned the attacks and asked the people of Mumbai to stay calm , while Congress President Sonia Gandhi offered condolences to the families of those dead and injured and condemned the blasts . . . The state of Pakistan has expressed its shock and disbelief at the Mumbai blasts . `` President Asif Ali Zardari , Prime Minister Syed Yousaf Raza Gilani , the Government and the people of Pakistan , have condemned the blasts in Mumbai and expressed distress on the loss of lives and injuries . The President and the Prime Minister have expressed their deepest sympathies to the Indian leadership on the loss of lives , injuries and damage to property in Mumbai . '' . . India 's Vice-President Hamid Ansari on the Mumbai blasts : `` He expressed deep shock at the scale of the attacks targeted against innocent people that have caused numerous fatalities and casualties . He said that such terrorist acts are aimed at destabilizing the nation and urged all citizens to unite in this critical hour . He expressed deepest condolences to the families of those killed and injured in the attacks , '' said a statement from his office . . . Shops near the blast in Dadar . Parag Shinde/Firstpost . . The government should find out thosebehind this evening 's serial blasts in Mumbai , the Shiv Sena said . `` There is chaos everywhere . This must be a terrorist actas it happened in three places , '' senior Sena leader Manohar Joshi said after reaching Dadar , one of the three sites of theblasts . . . `` I want that the government take immediate steps and findout who are people behind the blasts , '' Joshi said.Lyricist Javed Akhtar said `` No words are strong enough tocondemn the attacks . '' `` This menace called terrorism ... something has to be done . . . Something drastic . This is not acceptable , '' he said.Explosions have been reported in south Mumbai 's JaveriBazar , Dadar in Central Mumbai , and Opera House in Charni Road . . . Also watch Maharashtra Chief Minister 's reaction .