Mumbai : Three bomb blasts within twelve minutes during Mumbai 's rush hour have left at least 18 people dead and over 130 injured . Home Minister P Chidambaram , who reached Mumbai late at night , described the blast as `` a coordinated terror attack '' . Mr Chidambaram inspected all the three blast sites . -LRB- Read : Chidambaram on Mumbai blasts -RRB- Mumbai has been sealed and is on high-alert ; so are Delhi , Chennai , Kolkata and Bangalore . -LRB- Read : High alert in cities across India -RRB- The first blast took place at 6.56 pm in Zaveri Bazaar in South Mumbai , a crowded market named for the many small jewelry stores that fill its narrow streets . A minute later , there was an explosion at Opera House , also in South Mumbai ; the final strike was at 7.06 pm near Kabutarkhana at Dadar West in Central Mumbai . The Home Minister said Improvised Explosive Devices -LRB- IED -RRB- were used in all three blasts . -LRB- Watch : YouTube videos on Mumbai blasts -RRB- Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan who described the blasts as `` an attack on the heart of India '' said the blast at Opera House was the most powerful . -LRB- Watch : This is an attack on the heart of India , says Maharashtra CM -RRB- This is Mumbai 's first terror attack after 26/11 in 2008 - when 166 people were killed in 72 hours by ten young men who sailed into the city from Karachi and attacked some of Mumbai 's most famous landmarks . The city wore a steely clam this evening . The Mumbai Police sent an SMS to all cellphone users in the city minutes after the blast , asking them to stay indoors . In 2008 , the police had been criticised for failing to share basic information with the city . -LRB- Read : Police 's SMS after Mumbai blasts -RRB- The Home Minister said that the National Security Guard -LRB- NSG -RRB- , which has a hub in Mumbai , was on standby . The National Investigation Agency or NIA has reached the site of the blasts and is working with the Mumbai Police to collect and analyse forensic evidence . A seven-member team from the Central Forensic Science Laboratory -LRB- CFSL -RRB- from Delhi is also in Mumbai . Sources have told NDTV that preliminary inspections by the forensic teams and bomb disposal squads have hinted at the use of ammonium nitrate in the IEDs . Traces of ammonium nitrate have been found at the blast sites , sources added.Heavy rain was pouring down over South Mumbai on Wednesday evening triggering fears that crucial evidence may be washed away . -LRB- Read : Concerns about evidence as rain lashes South Mumbai -RRB- Police sources say close circuit TV -LRB- CCTV -RRB- footage from security cameras opposite the bus stop at Dadar and at Opera House could provide them with leads in the post-blast investigations . The blasts were designed to disrupt the city when it is at its busiest . The Zaveri Bazaar blast took place in an umbrella kept at the crowded Kahu Gali , a street of eateries where many commuters stop to snack before catching their local trains home . The Dadar West explosion took place in a meter box on an electric pole near a bus stop . The Opera House blast took place at Prasad Chamber building . `` I heard a loud explosion . And then I saw people with serious injuries lying in pools of blood , '' said an eyewitness to the Dadar explosion.Datatray Jadhav from Zaveri Bazaar said , `` A girl and another man were seriously injured . We put them both in a police van and sent them to the hospital . '' -LRB- Watch : Eyewitness accounts of the blast in Zaveri Bazaar -RRB- Zaveri Bazaar has been hit before - over 50 people were killed in twin blasts in 2002 . The injured are being treated at KEM -LRB- 022-24136051 -RRB- , Nair -LRB- 022-23085379 -RRB- , Harkishandas -LRB- 022-23855555 / 30095555 -RRB- , Saifee -LRB- 022-67570111 -RRB- . .