Nations across the world on Wednesday condemned the bomb blast outside the Delhi High Court , that caused heavy casualties , with the U.S. offering every possible assistance to India . . . On behalf of all Americans , I extend deep condolences to the Government of India and the families of those harmed in this mornings attack on the New Delhi High Court . . . Terrorism is a crime that affects us all . Bombings like todays demonstrate that our shared struggle continues against those who would commit such atrocities , U.S. Charge dAffaires Peter Burleigh said in a statement . . . He said the U.S. remains shoulder-to-shoulder with India in the fight against terror , and will provide whatever assistance possible to help bring the perpetrators of this heinous crime to justice . . . Calling the blast a cowardly attack , British Foreign Secretary William Hague said I was appalled to hear of the bomb blast outside the High Court in Delhi today . . . I condemn this cowardly attack and send my deepest condolences to those who have lost loved ones or who have been injured . . . The UK is committed to standing together with India in the fight against terrorism in all its forms and we will continue to work together to counter this threat . . . Unreservedly condemning the bombing , a statement from the Australian Prime Ministers office , issued by Australian High Commission here , said , This act of senseless violence , directed at one of the institutions of government , appears to have been planned to cause a high number of casualties among the general public . . . The Australian statement added , We extend our sympathy and concern to the government and people of India at this time . Our thoughts are with the families of the innocent people who have been killed , and with those injured by the blast . . . The Indian government and people have Australias full support as they continue to combat terrorism . . . Israel also condemned the blast with its visiting Tourism Minister Stas Misezhnikov expressing shock and dismay over the vicious terror attack and conveyed his countrys condolences to the bereaved families . . . Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari and Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani expressed their deepest sympathies to the families of the victims of the bombing , to the Government and people of India . . . They expressed the hope that the perpetrators of this heinous act will be brought to justice , a Foreign Ministry statement said in Islamabad . . . Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina expressed profound shock and outrage over the bomb blast , saying that any act of terrorism is unacceptable and unjustifiable . . . She condemned the heinous act and stated that any act of terrorism is unacceptable , criminal and unjustifiable , regardless of their motivation , a Foreign Office statement said in Dhaka . . . She also offered prayers for the eternal peace of those who have passed away , and for the people of India to bear this shock with fortitude , it said .