NEW DELHI , AUG. 10 . The Prime Minister , Mr. A.B. Vajpayee , said tonight that the car bomb explosion in Srinagar was executed ` at the behest of Pakistan ' . ` This is yet another example of Islamabad 's sustained campaign of cross-border terrorism in Jammu and Kashmir and other parts of India , ' Mr. Vajpayee said in a statement condemning the dastardly act . The Prime Minister said the State Government had been asked to provide adequate medical assistance to those injured . Conveying his heart-felt condolences to the families of the security personnel and Mr. Pradeep Bhatia , a photo journalist of The Hindustan Times , Mr. Vajpayee said , ` as in the past , and more recently on August 1 and 2 , innocent people have lost their lives in today 's explosion . ' Condemning such dastardly attacks on innocent civilians by ` those who refuse to tread the path of peace and have consciously chosen terror as a weapon ' he said , ` we will continue our battle against terrorism till such time this evil is destroyed . ' Pak . desperate : Farooq The Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister , Dr. Farooq Abdullah , said the blast showed Pakistan 's desperation to flare up violence to prevent the peace initiatives . Terming the militant act `` most barbaric '' , he said `` killing people and engineering blasts at crowded places will not the take ultras anywhere ... By such gruesome acts , they may be obliging their mentors across the border , but their acts are against the tenets of Islam and humanity . '' - PTI Blast horrific , says Britain LONDON , AUG 10 . Britain today described as horrific the bomb attack in Srinagar and said it was ` very disappointed ' that the Hizbul Mujahideen called off its ceasefire . ' I am horrified by the news of today 's bomb attack in Srinagar . Our thoughts are with the innocent victims of this latest attack , and their families , ' the British Foreign Office Minister , Mr. Keith Vaz , said in a statement here . ` As -LRB- the Prime Minister -RRB- Mr. Tony Blair made clear in a message to Mr. A.B. Vajpayee on August 4 , Britain fully supports India 's increased efforts to bring peace to Kashmir . Violence and terrorism can not bring a solution to Kashmir , ' he added . . . NEW DELHI , AUG. 10 . The Prime Minister , Mr. A.B. Vajpayee , said tonight that the car bomb explosion in Srinagar was executed ` at the behest of Pakistan ' . . . ` This is yet another example of Islamabad 's sustained campaign of cross-border terrorism in Jammu and Kashmir and other parts of India , ' Mr. Vajpayee said in a statement condemning the dastardly act . . . The Prime Minister said the State Government had been asked to provide adequate medical assistance to those injured . . . Conveying his heart-felt condolences to the families of the security personnel and Mr. Pradeep Bhatia , a photo journalist of The Hindustan Times , Mr. Vajpayee said , ` as in the past , and more recently on August 1 and 2 , innocent people have lost their lives in today 's explosion . ' Condemning such dastardly attacks on innocent civilians by ` those who refuse to tread the path of peace and have consciously chosen terror as a weapon ' he said , ` we will continue our battle against terrorism till such time this evil is destroyed . ' Pak . desperate : Farooq . . The Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister , Dr. Farooq Abdullah , said the blast showed Pakistan 's desperation to flare up violence to prevent the peace initiatives . . . Terming the militant act `` most barbaric '' , he said `` killing people and engineering blasts at crowded places will not the take ultras anywhere ... By such gruesome acts , they may be obliging their mentors across the border , but their acts are against the tenets of Islam and humanity . '' . . - PTI . . Blast horrific , says Britain . . LONDON , AUG 10 . Britain today described as horrific the bomb attack in Srinagar and said it was ` very disappointed ' that the Hizbul Mujahideen called off its ceasefire . . . ' I am horrified by the news of today 's bomb attack in Srinagar . Our thoughts are with the innocent victims of this latest attack , and their families , ' the British Foreign Office Minister , Mr. Keith Vaz , said in a statement here . . . ` As -LRB- the Prime Minister -RRB- Mr. Tony Blair made clear in a message to Mr. A.B. Vajpayee on August 4 , Britain fully supports India 's increased efforts to bring peace to Kashmir . Violence and terrorism can not bring a solution to Kashmir , ' he added .