The Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad has cracked the Pune German Bakery blast case , with the arrest of Mirza Himayat Baig ( 29 ) , chief of the Lashkar-e-Taiba unit in the State . He and another person , Sheikh Lalbaba Mohammad Hussain Farid alias Bilal , ( 27 ) , were remanded to police custody on Wednesday . At a press conference here , ATS chief Rakesh Maria said Baig was involved in every stage of the incident , from conspiracy to planting the bomb in the bakery , where the blast on February 13 this year ripped through the landmark at Koregaon Park , frequented by foreign nationals . It claimed 17 lives and left 56 people injured . Baig was arrested at 3.15 p.m. on Tuesday from the Mahatma Gandhi bus stand near the Camp area in Pune . Bilal , arrested by the ATS in connection with a case under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act in Nashik , was found to have links with the bakery case also , Mr. Maria said . Baig is very very important . He is the present LeT chief of Maharashtra . He merged the Aurangabad module with the Indian Mujahideen -LSB- IM -RSB- . He has created a huge module in the State . He had plans for targeting various locations in the State , Mr. Maria said . Baig came into contact with Akbar Chaudhary , an IM operative arrested by the Mumbai Crime Branch in 2008 in its crackdown on the terror outfit . Baig was then introduced to Iqbal and Riyaz Shahbandari known as the Bhatkal brothers . The conspiracy for the German Bakery blast was hatched in January 2010 . In the last week of January a meeting was held in -LSB- the town of -RSB- Udgir in Latur district . Mohsin Chaudhary , Mohammad Ahmed Zarar Siddibappa alias Yasin alias Shah Rukh and Baig held the meeting . They came to Pune on January 31 for reconnaissance . Another conspiracy meeting was held on February 3 at Udgir , where the blast plan was finalised , Mr. Maria said . On February 7 , between 1 and 5 a.m. the conspirators brought the explosives to Global Internet Caf , run by Baig , at Udgir in Latur district , where they fabricated the bomb . On the morning of February 13 , Yasin and Baig , carrying the bomb , left Udgir by bus , reaching Pune in the afternoon , and they planted the bomb in the bakery . It went off around 7.30 p.m. OPEN