A prosecution witness in the September 2008 Delhi serial blasts case , in whose auto-rickshaw a bomb went off at Ghaffar Market in Karol Bagh , failed to identify the accused person who had allegedly planted the bomb that exploded minutes after he got off the TSR . Though the witness in his statement to the police had said he could identify the accused , he failed to do so despite over half-an-hour being granted by Additional Sessions Judge Narinder Kumar . Six of the accused were paraded before him through video-conferencing from Sabarmati Jail in Ahmedabad where they are presently lodged . But auto-rickshaw driver Mool Chand could not identify the youth who had hired the auto-rickshaw before the bomb went off . Five blasts occurred at Connaught Place , Karol Bagh and Greater Kailash on September 13 , 2008 , which killed 26 persons and injured over 100 others . Thirteen alleged Indian Mujahideen militants are on trial in the case . Six of them are presently lodged in Sabarmati jail in Gujarat , five are presently at Taluja Jail in Maharashtra , and the remaining two are at Tihar Jail in Delhi . Mr. Chand in his deposition to the court said that he was waiting for passengers on Mathura Road near Nizamuddin police station at about 5-30 p.m. when a youth asked him to go to Gaffar Market and thereafter , to Patel Nagar . Upon reaching Saraswati Marg , the passenger allegedly asked him to stop the auto rickshaw saying he wanted to purchase a mobile phone . When the youth did not return , Mr. Chand stepped out of the TSR to look for him , when the bomb exploded leaving him injured and unconscious . After the witness failed to identify the accused despite the camera focusing on each of the six accused persons faces , the prosecution sought that the six men , lodged in Sabarmati Jail , be summoned via production warrants to Delhi . Defence lawyers objected saying that it was the prosecution that had wanted the trial to proceed without the accused being present in person , overruling their objections . They also claimed that any more attempts to allow the witness to identify the accused would allow the police to tutor the witness in identifying the accused . Advocate Rebecca John , counsel for accused Mohammed Shakeel , said the decision to conduct the trial through video-conferencing had affected the defence , as lawyers were not able to ascertain various facts of the case from the accused men . In the given circumstances , when the witness has seen all the six accused on video-conferencing screen one-by-one when the camera was even focused on the face of each one of them and he could not identify the concerned accused , providing any further opportunity to the prosecution may lend an opportunity to the authorities to show the concerned accused to the witness in the meanwhile , ASJ Mr. Kumar said , rejecting the prosecution plea for summoning of the accused . The next hearing in the case is on October 31 . Six of the accused were paraded before him through video-conferencing from Sabarmati JailBut he could not identify the youth who had hired the auto before the bomb went off Six of the accused were paraded before him through video-conferencing from Sabarmati Jail But he could not identify the youth who had hired the auto before the bomb went off OPEN