Parag Sawant , 34 , now recognises his family members . His eyes glitter when his young daughter Prachiti comes near his bed , says his mother Madhuri . For the last seven years , this victim of serial blasts on Mumbais suburban trains on July 11 , 2006 , is lying on a bed in the Hinduja Hospital here . His amazing recovery from coma in 2008 had left doctors astounded . But five years later , his recovery slowed down after a series of convulsions . His family remains optimistic . It wants to see him back , walking happily on his feet with his daughter . For the past seven years , 13 Muslim men , alleged activists of the Students Islamic Movement of India ( SIMI ) , arrested by the Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad ( ATS ) for the blasts , are languishing in jail . Ironically , the pieces of evidence wove together by the ATS against the 13 have started falling apart in court proceedings . The Mumbai Crime Branch police have arrested five other men , allegedly belonging to Indian Mujahideen ( IM ) , claiming that they were responsible for the July 11 blasts . But the call data records ( CDR ) of these accused have successfully challenged the evidence produced against them by the ATS . Their families hope that once the innocence of the accused is proved , all 13 can walk free . Seven blasts in the evening rush hour in first-class compartments of local trains killed 187 people and injured over 800 others . For seven years now , the case has seen various turnarounds , revelations and exposed the shoddy probe . The ATS , then headed by K.P. Raghuvanshi , swung into action and arrested 13 men by October 2006 . The charge sheet was filed on November 29 , 2006 , despite the written submissions by the accused to the court claiming that confessions were taken under severe custodial torture and the ATS was falsely implicating them . Even as the trial began in 2007 , the accused moved the Supreme Court and got a stay on the process . The entire investigation of the ATS was challenged by the arrest of Sadiq Shaikh and four other men , allegedly belonging to the IM , in 2008 , by the Crime Branch police . In the subsequent probe , it was revealed that these men were responsible for all major blasts in the country after 2005 , including the July 11 train blasts . But the ATS , gave Shaikh clean bill in the train blasts case . It came despite Shaikhs confession in October 2008 that he , along with other IM members , carried out the train blasts . The ATS investigation got further exposed after the CDRs were presented to the court . Ehtesham Siddiqui , Asif Bashir Khan and Mohammad Faisal have been charged by the ATS with planting bombs on trains . However , the CDRs of their phones have clearly shown that all the three were not even near the blast sites on that day . Ironically , the ATS had earlier used the CDRs to establish the link between the accused and the Lashkar-e-Taiba and to seek their police custody . When the ATS was asked to produce the CDRs by the accused , it informed the special Mcoca court that the CDRs have been destroyed . The accused moved the Bombay High Court in 2012 and the CDRs were made available in public domain only after the courts strictures . The accused have also made use of the Right to Information Act to blow holes in the ATS theory . Since 2007 , Siddiqui has filed 1,024 RTI applications . While deposing as a defence witness , he has produced 62 RTI replies in the special court . For example , prosecution witness Vishal Parmar claimed that he had seen Siddiqui and another person at the Churchgate station at 5.15 p.m. boarding the Virar local . Parmar had stated that he had gone to meet one compounder Baban Rankhambe at the ENT Hospital , Churchgate . The RTI reply indicates that no person with that name works in the ENT hospital . Also , through RTI , Siddiqui found out that the train had come to the platform around 5.07 p.m. and not 5.15 p.m. as claimed by Parmar . The National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) charge sheet in the 2006 Malegaon bomb blast case also exposed the ATS probe . The NIA , while not even mentioning nine Muslim men arrested by the ATS in the Malegaon case , framed charges against right-wing Hindu elements . All nine men have now applied for discharge application from the Malegaon case , based on the NIA charge sheet . However , the probe in the Malegaon blasts has relation with July 11 blasts in Mumbai . As per the ATS case , two accused , Shaikh Mohammad Ali and Asif Khan , were common in both cases and had provided explosives . After the NIA charge sheet , the ATS claim has come under yet another trouble . Senior journalist Ashish Khetan has moved a public interest litigation petition in the Bombay High Court , requesting an independent commission of inquiry into the conduct of investigating officers . Apart from innocents being acquitted from the case , it is also essential that the victims of the blasts get justice . The investigations in this case show the pile of lies by the investigating officers . It needs to be probed , Mr. Khetan told The Hindu . Seven years after the blasts , the investigating agencies have not been able to submit a single solid proof against the 13 accused . Justice to the victims of this blast yet seems a distant reality . Parags daughter wonders why her father cant accompany her while going out of hospital and her mother finds it difficult to answer her questions . Ehetshams father from Jaunpur in U.P. rarely visits him . He is uncertain , whether he can ever accompany his father back home . Mumbai Crime Branch has arrested five men , allegedly belonging to IMCall data records of accused successfully challenge evidence produced against them by ATS Mumbai Crime Branch has arrested five men , allegedly belonging to IM Call data records of accused successfully challenge evidence produced against them by ATS OPEN