When the going gets tough , the tough gets going or so says an old clich . But when the twin blasts rocked Dilsukhnagar and spread waves of shock and panic , undeterred local youth stood ground and formed the first line of rescue operations . Armed with sticks , the youth assisted the police officials in shifting the bodies and injured persons , helped in cordoning off the blast sites and tried to bring the situation under control before additional police forces could be rushed in . The area got engulfed in pitch darkness when the bomb went off . The commotion created by flames and dismembered bodies was such that most of us could not gather our wits to formulate a response , Sadanand , owner of a shop in the neighbourhood recounts . It was the youth from numerous hostels in the vicinities who poured out to extend their help , he adds . The local Police Inspector came to the spot within three minutes and first ambulance rushed to the spot soon after that , but it was few large-hearted people who came forward to douse the flames and plunge into the rescue operations , K. Arun Kishore , another shopkeeper recounts . Once the rescue operations picked up , more people started trickling in , he says , adding that soon it became difficult to control people who started trampling the area . The injured were rushed to the nearest private hospitals and those who received serious injuries were shifted to bigger hospitals like Care , Omni and Yashoda . We received about 30 victims on Thursday , most were treated as out-patients or were sent to other hospitals , Dr. Santosh Kumar from Sai Ram Speciality Hospital says . The injured were brought to the hospital by the neighbourhood youth , he maintains . A major helping hand was also extended by the local political party cadres . Our people swung into action immediately and we mobilised our cadre within minutes , local TDP representative E. Lokendra Nath claims . The situation was similar at the first bomb blast site near 72 number bus-stop . It was initially dark as all bulbs in the area got fused and it was difficult to make out anything , Abdul Kotadiya owner of Dress Code , the store in front of which the bomb went off , says . The glass panes were shattered , bulbs gone , ears ringing with the after effects of the blasts . The scene was macabre and we did not know what to do . But soon youngsters poured in and started helping the injured , he recounts . Nemmani Sreedhar OPEN