Praveen Swami . . A.P. was fearful of sanctioning standard emergency-response procedures . . NEW DELHI : Andhra Pradesh Director-General of Police M.A. Basith and Hyderabad Police Commissioner Balwinder Singh received warnings of an imminent terror strike just five days before Saturdays blasts , sources in the Union Ministry of Home Affairs have told The Hindu . . . Issued by the Intelligence Bureau , the written warning an Unofficial Order , or UO in government terminology recorded that a cell commanded by Karachi-based Islamist Abdul Sahed Mohammad had put plans in place for a major attack in the city . The UO provided an outline of available intelligence on the cell and its members . . . A former resident of Hyderabads Moosarambagh neighbourhood who is commonly referred to by his aliases Bilal and Shahid , Mohammad is alleged to have been responsible for at least four past terror strikes , and is wanted by the international police organisation INTERPOL . . . It is unclear if either Mr. Basith or Mr. Singh passed on the contents of the warning to their subordinates for action . However , Union Home Ministry sources said that the State government was fearful of sanctioning standard emergency-response procedures , like large-scale searches , raids on the homes of suspected harbourers of terrorists , and the questioning of those known to be involved with city-based Islamist groups . . . There was a legitimate concern that such action could have fuelled communal tension in Hyderabad , a senior Union Home Ministry official said . In the wake of the Mecca Masjid bombing in May , he said , many city Muslims were dismissive of claims that an Islamist terror group had carried out the strike , and deeply resentful of police action based on that line of investigation . Large-scale arrests could have provoked a riot and thus ended up helping the terrorists . . . Concerns misplaced . . However , experts said these concerns were misplaced . It is imperative that intelligence work and policing are kept out of the domain of party politics , the former Intelligence Bureau Director , Ajit Doval , told The Hindu . If the intelligence services find out that I am about to plant a bomb in New Delhi , he argued , the common-sense thing to do is to detain my friends and associates in order to discover where I might be . . . Search for Sahed . . Saturdays blasts have now provoked a wide-ranging investigation of Mohammads networks in Hyderabad . Built in coordination with Asad Yazdani a resident of Hyderabads Toli Chowki area , who operating under the alias Naved Gul executed several terror strikes including the assassination of Gujarat Home Minister Haren Pandya these networks drew heavily on the Lashkar-e-Taibas resources . . . However , after the 2002 communal pogrom in Gujarat , both Yazdani and Mohammad attracted several new recruits . Their new cells worked closely with the Bangladesh-based Harkat ul-Jihad-e-Islami . . . At least two of Mohammads past operations an October 12 , 2005 suicide attack on a police facility in Hyderabad , and the Mecca Masjid bombing are thought to have involved Bangladeshi nationals involved in HuJI . . Police sources said that while two local operatives who may have helped organise Saturdays blasts had been identified , the actual bomb-maker may well have escaped India . Mohammad Sharifuddin a Bangladeshi HuJI operative who operates under the code-names Hamza and Kanchan , is thought to have made the bombs used in Mohammads earlier operations , but has evaded arrest in this way .