Praveen Swami . . New Indian Mujahideen e-mail warns of more attacks ; claims suspects are innocent . . Qureshi left Ahmedabad on . . July 24 . . Saturdays e-mail bears the signature of al-Arbi . . NEW DELHI : Top Indian Mujahideen operative Abdul Subhan Qureshi , who investigators believe was the principal architect of the July serial bombings in Gujarat , could be hiding in Mumbai , according to the Maharashtra police . . . Police sources said their belief rested on the fact that an e-mail issued on Saturday , insisting that suspects held for their alleged role in the bombings are innocent and threatening further attacks , has been traced to a computer in Mumbais Matunga area . . . Investigators have determined that Qureshi , who investigators say wrote the e-mail claiming responsibility for the bombings on behalf of the Students Islamic Movement of India -LRB- SIMI -RRB- and Lashkar-e-Taiba-linked Indian Mujahideen , left for Mumbai on a night train from Ahmedabad on July 24 , two days before the bombings . . . Qureshi is thought to have e-mailed the Indian Mujahideen minutes before the bombing using a private homes unsecured wi-fi network in Navi Mumbai . . . The Gujarat police said Qureshi , a crack bomb-maker , who is believed to have held several training camps for SIMI operatives from 2006 to 2008 , spent at least eight weeks in a flat in Ahmedabads Vatva neighbourhood , supervising the making of the explosive devices used in Gujarat . Qureshi , the Gujarat police claims to have been told by arrested suspects , also organised for contacts in Mumbai to provide four stolen cars used in the bombings . . . Photographs of at least two of the stolen cars are contained in the e-mail , to establish its authenticity . . . Qureshi graduated from the Bharatiya Vidyapeeth in suburban Mumbais Kharghar area in 1990 , and later did a computer course from a private institute . . . For some time , he worked as a salesperson for a company that marketed Wipro computer products in Mumbais western suburbs . . . He was recruited by SIMI in 1998 , shortly before the critical Aurangabad convention where jihadists in its ranks first developed an organisational relationship with the Lashkar-e-Taiba . . . Soon after , Qureshi left his job to become a full-time Rukun , or organisational cadre . . . He became close to a core circle of operatives who were to execute a series of major terrorist attacks , starting with the Gateway of India bombings in 2003 . . . Qureshis associates in SIMI include Rahil Abdul Rehman Sheikh , who is wanted for his central role in organising the 2006 serial bombings in Mumbai , and Ehtesham Siddiqi , the former SIMI Maharashtra general-secretary , who is now being tried for his alleged role in the attacks . . . e-mail claims . . In the e-mail , the Indian Mujahideen on its full authority declares that by the Grace of Allah not even a single mujahid from our ranks , who played even a minute role in the blasts , has been arrested to date . We are completely safe and in Allah , The Most Sublime , do the believers put their trust . Whatever -LSB- Gujarat police officers -RSB- Ashish Bhatia and P.C. Pandey have bragged about -LSB- key suspects -RSB- Mufti Abul Bashir , Sajid Mansuri , Zahid Shaikh and other innocent brothers like them is a big lie . . . However , the Indian Mujahideen addresses the escaped multitude of faithless disbelievers , thanking our Lord for humiliating you by our hands at Ahmedabad and Surat and calming our hearts by chastising your bodies with a disgraceful punishment . . . It states : we declare that with the will of Allah -LSB- that -RSB- our attacks on you will be severely intensified from now on and with our extremely lethal strikes , which are to follow successively , we shall make you weep and repent for the evil hatred and grudge against Islam and Muslims . . . In the e-mail , the Indian Mujahideen seems to suggest that a set of malfunctioning improvised explosive devices found in Surat were designed not to detonate . You are nothing but victims of our terrorizing plan that turns you helpless when the Wrath of Allah descends on you . Just think O numbskulls ! How many microchips can be faulty ? One ? Or two ? Or all thirty at the same time ? This is yet another threat to those filthy Hindus of Surat , who have failed to take heed , and a reminder to Narendra Modi that it is not over . . . Saturdays e-mail bears the signature of an individual , who identities himself by the pseudonym al-Arbi . Al-Arbis signature also figured on the Indian Mujahideen e-mail issued minutes after the Gujarat bombings , along with that of another operative who uses the pseudonym Guru al-Hindi . . . Guru al-Hindi was the sole signatory on Indian Mujahideen messages that were issued after the terror attacks in Jaipur and on three trial court buildings in Uttar Pradesh .