Terror returned to Delhi a fortnight after the serial blasts with two motorcycle-borne youth dropping a tiffin bomb in a crowded South Delhi market that exploded killing a young boy and injuring 18 people . . . Riding a black motorcycle , the two men in black dress and wearing helmets , dropped a black polythene bag containing a tiffin box opposite an electronic goods shop in the flower market in Mehrauli at about 2.15 pm , Deputy Commissioner of Police -LRB- South -RRB- H S Dhaliwal said . . . A 13-year-old boy picked it up to give it back to the bikers . They refused and fled the place but the boy was still keen on giving it to them when it exploded killing him instantaneously and injuring 18 others . . . Eleven of the injured were rushed to AIIMS where doctors said six were in critical condition . Five of them suffered serious head injuries . Three or four of the injured could be required to be operated upon , Union Home Secretary Madhukar Gupta said . . . The explosive shattered the window panes of several adjacent shops in the market located close to the historic Qutab Minar , which was bustling with shoppers . . . The blast , which caused a crater , left a gory scene where blood was splattered on the road along with shattered glass panes and furniture . . . The explosion comes exactly two weeks after the national capital was rocked by five near simultaneous blasts in which 24 people were killed . . . There were reports that police in the neighbouring Faridabad district in Haryana had tipped off about the possibility of explosions on Saturday but Gupta asked the media not to speculate . . . Soon after the explosion , Home Minister Shivraj Patil reviewed the situation with top officials of his Ministry . . . Gupta , who talked to Delhi Police Commissioner Y S Dadwal , briefed Patil on the situation . . . The nature of the explosives used in Saturday 's blast was not immediately known . Forensic experts of the NSG bomb data squad , who visited the spot , found the nails in the explosives were sharpened on both sides . . . ... contd .