MUMBAI : Six months after Mumbai was rocked by three coordinated blasts leaving 27 people dead , Maharashtra ATS on Monday claimed to have made a breakthrough with the arrest of two alleged Indian Mujahideen operatives but the mastermind and planters of the bombs are still at large . Naqi Ahmed Wasi Ahmed Sheikh and Nadeem Akhtar Ashfaq Sheikh , originally from Bihar 's Darbhanga district , were arrested even as a manhunt continues for top IM leader Yasin Bhatkal . `` Naqi Ahmed Wasi Ahmed Sheikh ( 22 ) and Nadeem Akhtar Ashfaq Sheikh ( 23 ) , who are already in police custody in connection with a forgery case , have been arrested today in the blasts case , '' ATS chief Rakesh Maria told reporters . Naqi and Nadeem , residents of Madanpura and Antop Hill areas in the city , were earlier arrested in connection with a case relating to procurement of SIM cards using fake documents . Six others including one Haroon Rashid Naik from Mumbra near Mumbai , whose remand has been sought , had also been held in connection with fraudulent procurement of SIM cards over a period of time since August 2011 , Maria said . `` After Haroon 's remand in granted , he will be arrested in the blasts case , '' Maria said , adding help extended by the underworld in commission of the crime had also emerged . He said around Rs 10 lakh received through Hawala channels was used in the crime but did not disclose the source from where the money came lest it would hamper investigations . Maintaining that Naqi was indoctrinated by Bhatkal , Maria said it was he who helped the IM mastermind to rent the third floor apartment in Habib Building at Byculla last year . Two-three apartments were rejected before finalising the Habib building quarters and Naqi paid for it , he said . Maria rubbished claims by Naqi 's relatives that he was innocent , saying he had been in touch with Bhatkal since 2008 and even visited his place in Bihar and that he was fully aware of the latter 's antecedents . `` We have evidence to corroborate this , '' Maria said . . . .