Hyderabad , May 18 : Four of the 13 deaths in Hyderabad today were the result of police firing at rampaging mobs . . . Six rounds were fired in the afternoon and evening to prevent shops and public property from being damaged , including petrol pumps and ATMs . . . One person was killed in the firing in the Moghapura area , while two fell to the police bullets elsewhere . Another lost his life when the police had to pull the trigger to control a mob trying to break into an ATM . . . According to police commissioner Balwinder Singh , his men resorted to firing after water cannons , tear gas and baton-charge failed to bring the mob fury under control . . . But in a city where wounds of the Babri Masjid demolition still fester , the police are forever on their toes . . . Around 35 Muslim youths were put behind bars under Tada and its successor Pota after protests and mob fury in the aftermath of the razing of the mosque . . . The youths were in jail for five years , until the Supreme Court let them off , said K.G. Kannabiran , a civil rights activist and advocate . . . Over the years , Hyderabad has become a recruiting ground for extremists with links to ISI operatives . Suspected ISI agents like Junaid and Lashkar-e-Toibas Azam Ghori were among those felled in encounters here . . . Between 2000 and 2002 , the city , along with the rest of Andhra Pradesh , woke up to a new threat : militants using improvised explosive devices ( IEDs ) . These are crude bombs of the sort used in the Mecca Masjid blasts today . . . IEDs are made of gelatine sticks , dynamite or plastic explosives , stuffed into tiffin boxes . . . One such blast killed three people in the Madina Education Centre in 2001 . The same year , a blast at Secunderabad railway reservation centre killed six persons . A bomb strapped to a scooter outside the Saibaba temple in 2003 claimed six lives . Churches have also been under the shadow of such threats . . . A human bomb exploded on Dussehra in October 2005 outside the office of a police unit in Begumpet a stones throw from chief minister Y.S. Rajasekhar Reddys residence . . . As the terror network spread , so did white-collar crime . Hawala operators of the Dawood Ibrahim and Chhota Rajan gangs sprang up . Seven ISI modules were busted in Andhra Pradesh during the tenure of H.J. Dora , the director-general of police in 2002 . . . This was the period when the Hyderabad-Gujarat terror nexus began to take root . . . Gujarat home minister Haren Pandyas alleged killers were from Hyderabad . Moulana Naseeruddin , who heads a religious sect , is still languishing in a jail in Gujarat , along with 20 youths from Hyderabad , for his alleged role in Pandyas 2003 murder . . . A person was killed when Naseeruddins supporters tried to prevent a Gujarat police team from taking the cleric away .