Guwahati , June 21 : All trains originating from Guwahati and Dibrugarh have been rescheduled because of the blast in Kokrajhar district last night , leading to derailment of a goods train . . . Altogether 10 bogies of a goods train carrying cement to Dharmanagar in Tripura were derailed when suspected militants of the National Democratic Front of Boroland ( NDFB ) triggered a blast on the track between Fakiragram and Sesapani stations at 9 pm . Though there were no casualties , 200 metres of the track was damaged . . . The Guwahati-bound Chennai Express had passed through the area 40 minutes before the blast . . . Police have recovered two bicycles , detonating wires and clothes from a place one-and-a-half km south of the blast site . It was raining heavily when the blast took place . . . Security has been tightened round-the-clock after the incident and a massive manhunt has been launched to nab the culprits . Patrolling on the tracks has been intensified . Railway officials have rushed to the spot . . . NF Railway officials here said work has begun to restore the track , with senior railway engineers supervising at the site . It will take at least 48 hours with effect from 6 am today to restore train services , railways officials said . . . Train services on meter gauge track are continuing as the blast affected the broad gauge track only . The NF Railway is arranging special trains on meter gauge track between New Bongaigaon and Samuktala station to clear stranded passengers of Saraighat Express , Avadh Assam Express and Kanchenjungha Express . . . The 2424 Up Rajdhani Express will reach Guwahati tomorrow after restoration work is completed . A passenger special train will be run in the evening . Passengers who had cancelled tickets on June 21 by 2423 Down will get the preference , railway officials said . . . The 4055 Down Brahmaputra Mail , which left Dibrugarh town on June 20 , will be controlled at Guwahati and will leave Guwahati on June 22 at 4 am . . . The trains coming to Guwahati from other parts of the country are being stopped either at New Jalpaiguri or New Cooch Behar . Some trains which left Guwahati last evening are being brought back as they could not proceed further .