SRINAGAR , Aug 11 The police today confirmed that Lashkar-e-Toiba was responsible for the car bomb explosion at Residency Road here yesterday . The blast killed 12 persons . . . Six of the seriously injured in the incident were shifted to Delhi today for treatment . They are Mr Pankaj Darad , SP ( east ) , Mr Altaf Ahmad , SHO , Kothibagh , Irfan Nazir , cameraman of Zee News , constables Mohammad Abbas and Mohammad Akbar of the state police and contable K. Sambiya of the CRPF . . . Barring Irfan all injured have received burn injuries . With the death of SDPO Kuldeep Sharma late last evening , the toll in the explosion has gone up to 12 . . . Confirming the involvement of Lashkar-e-Toiba in the incident , the IGP , Kashmir Range , Dr Ashok Bhan , said the car of the Jammu and Kashmir Bank was , driven away by ultras in Gowkadal area at gunpoint around 11 a.m. . The driver was set free after the explosion at around 12.35 p.m. . . Stray incidents of stone-throwing and forcible closure of business establishments in some areas in the valley today marked the day-long bandh called by an alliance of counter-insurgent groups in protest against yesterdays killings . . . In Srinagar , work in some government and semi-government offices , banks and educational institutions was affected by the strike , but it had little impact in towns of Baramula , Kupwara , Badgam , Anantnag and Pulwama , official sources said . . . A dozen private vehicles were damaged by protesters who prevented children from going to school , the sources said . . . In Baramula a crowd indulged in stone-pelting when people refused to observe the strike . The strike was called by the alliance headed by Javid Hussain Shan , , one of the first counter-insurgents and now a member of the Legislative Council . . . The mortal remains of Pradeep Bhatia of The Hindustan Times were flown to Delhi for last rites today . The body was consigned to the flames on the banks of the Yamuna in Delhi in the evening in the presence of Home Minister L.K. Advani , Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit , MPs , and friends and relatives . Wreaths were earlier placed on the body of the photo journalist by several ministers and MPs . . . Earlier , his body bedecked with flames was brought to Press Colony at Pratap Park where a number of journalists and prominent citizens laid wreaths . Among those who paid floral tributes were the Director General of Police , Mr Gurbachan Jagat , the IG , Kashmir Range , Dr Ashok Bhan , DIG , K. Rajendra , Mr Farooq Nazki and Director of Information , Mr K B Jandial . . . The condition of three photojournalists admitted to the Sher-e-Kashmir Institute of Medical Sciences , Soura , here is stated to be stable . They are Amin War , H U Naqash of Asian Age and I. Tariq , a local photographer .