Special Correspondent . . Steps initiated to strengthen RPF , he tells Lok Sabha . . CCTVs , video cameras being installed in sensitive stations More number of sniffer dog squads . . NEW DELHI : Railway Minister Lalu Prasad on Friday announced that a number of measures , including tightening of security at railway stations and modernising the Railway Protection Force -LRB- RPF -RRB- , were being taken in the wake of firebombing of the Samjhauta Express on Sunday , which left 68 people dead . . . Making a suo motu statement in the Lok Sabha , Mr. Prasad said a number of new measures were put in place on Pakistan-bound trains . The Railways had taken steps to strengthen and modernise the RPF , besides increasing the number of sniffer dog squads and explosive detection devices . CCTVs and video cameras were being installed at all sensitive stations . Existing vacancies were being filled to augment the RPF 's strength . . . ` Intensive training is being given to the RPF to enhance its professional competence and efficiency . Steps like having only reserved accommodation in these trains , identification of individual passengers and their luggage before boarding the train and permitting excess baggage in a separate compartment are also being taken . ' . . Probe on . . He said the Bomb Disposal Squad recovered three suitcases from the accident site near Panipat and they contained Improvised Explosive Devices , kerosene and petrol . A statutory inquiry by the Commissioner of Railway Safety , Northern Circle , was on . . . Mr. Prasad said he had announced an ex-gratia of Rs . 10 lakh for the next of kin of the deceased and Rs . 50,000 for the injured , which was more than the normally paid amount . . . Compensation up to Rs . 4 lakh would be additionally payable to the affected by the Railway Claims Tribunal as per the extant rules . ' I have also ordered free rail services for relatives travelling for identification of the dead and for transportation of the bodies back . ' . . After the blasts rescue efforts were launched on a warfooting with the help of fire-fighting and medical relief teams of the Railways and local administration , Mr. Prasad said .