Pune : Pune this evening saw four low-intensity blasts in a span of nearly 40 minutes on its busy Junglee Maharaj Road in the heart of the city . Two other bombs have been defused by the Anti-Terror Squad . All the bombs were placed within a kilometre . At least one person has been injured . He has been taken into custody.Home Secretary RK Singh told NDTV that the injured person is being treated as suspect and questioned by the police . Mr Singh also said that a terror angle can not be ruled out as it appears to be a planned attack.Sushil Kumar Shinde , who took over today as India 's Home Minister , was scheduled to be in the city tonight to preside over a prize-giving ceremony . He cancelled his plans at the last minute . `` The blasts were of low-intensity . I was supposed to be at the Tilak Theatre , very near to where one of the blasts took place . At this moment , I can not say anything more . It is now a matter of inquiry , '' he told reporters in Delhi.The explosions took place between 7.37 and 8.15 pm during rush hour in the heart of the city on Junglee Maharaj Road , crowded with restaurants , shops and the large Sambhaji Park , popular for family outings in the evening . The blasts took place outside the Balgandharva auditorium used to stage plays , at a statue near that theatre , opposite a McDonalds outlet and near a bank . One of the bombs , placed on a cycle , was hooked up to sophisticated circuitry , say sources . In Mumbai , Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan called a meeting with senior officials to step up security for the financial capital . `` Two teams from the NIA will reach Pune . Bomb disposal experts also . All experts to come to Pune and find out what device it was and what was the motive . When we know anything more concrete , we will share ... Request people not to panic , '' he said.After the blasts all cities across India are on high alert . A bomb disposal squad swept Jantar Mantar in New Delhi where Anna Hazare and his activists are on a hunger strike , supported by a large crowd . -LRB- Read : High alert in Delhi -RRB- Mr Shinde cancelled his trip to Pune at the last minute to meet with officials in his new assignment at the home ministry , said Jitender Singh , the junior Home Minister . `` Please stay calm ... the government of India and Maharashtra will work towards cracking this , '' Mr Singh said on NDTV . The Anti-Terror Squad is examining CCTV footage from the branch of McDonald 's outside which one of the explosion took place . The police says it has fanned out across the city ; it has urged residents to report any suspicious object and not to touch unclaimed objects . The Army has also sent a bomb disposal squad to the blast site at the request of the local administration . Pune is the Southern Command headquarters of the Indian Army.In February 2010 , 17 people were killed in a bomb blast at the popular German Bakery near Pune 's famous Osho ashram . After being arrested in the US , Lashkar-e-Taiba operative David Coleman Headley confessed to having filmed the bakery to help in the planning and execution of the terror attack . .