A powerful blast shook Varanasi 's Shitla Ghat when Ganga aarti ' was under way on Tuesday evening , killing a two-year-old girl and injuring over 21 people . Among the injured are some foreigners . . . The blast , occurring a day after the 18 -LCB- + t -RCB- -LCB- + h -RCB- anniversary of the demolition of the Babri Masjid , was so powerful that the stairs leading to the Shitla Ghat were ripped apart . With the Indian Mujahideen reportedly claiming responsibility for the explosion , the incident marked the return of terrorism in Uttar Pradesh , which had not witnessed a militant strike since the attack on the Rampur CRPF group centre in the intervening night of December 31 , 2007 and January 1 , 2008 . . . This is the second time in around six years that Varanasi has been targeted by terror outfits . The last attack was in 2005 , when militants struck at the Sankat Mochan temple and the railway station . . . A state of high alert has been sounded in the State , with very heavy security in Ayodhya , Mathura and other sensitive places , including Lucknow and Kanpur . . . Initial reports said it was a low intensity blast . A stampede that followed is said to have caused most of the injuries . . . ADG -LRB- Law and Order -RRB- Brij Lal told reporters in Lucknow that anti-terrorist and bomb disposal squads had reached the Shitla Ghat . The exact nature of the explosion would be confirmed only after experts examined the site . The ADG said the blast occured around 7 p.m. when Ganga aarti ' was being performed at the Shitla Ghat and the adjacent Dasashwamedh Ghat . . . He said the explosive device was purportedly placed under the stairs leading to the ghat on the banks of the river . Mr. Lal , however , denied that security was lax , considering that hundreds of tourists , both domestic and foreign , gathered daily on the ghats to witness and participate in the religious ritual . He denied that the State government had ignored the advisory sent by the Centre about the possibility of a terror strike in Varanasi . . . Chief Minister Mayawati despatched senior Minister Swamy Prasad Maurya , Director-General of Police Karamveer Singh , Chief Secretary Atul Kumar Gupta and Principal Secretary -LRB- Home -RRB- Kunwar Fateh Bahadur to Varanasi . . . Governor B.L. Joshi condemned the incident and described the explosion as a dastardly act aimed at disturbing the peace and harmony in the State . He wished the injured , who have been admitted to hospitals , speedy recovery .