Zeenews Bureau . . New Delhi : Even as the investigating agencies grope in the dark about crucial leads pertaining to Delhi High Court blast , Pakistans links to the incident have come to fore on Wednesday . . . As per reports , a Noida-based boy , identified as Neeraj , had received a phone call from an unknown caller from Pakistan on August 17 suggesting that a blast was imminent in Delhi in the near future . . . The caller didnt divulge more details about his location but stressed that vital installations in Delhi would be blown at a chosen time . . . The boy , who lives in Bhangel area of Noida , immediately passed this information to the Noida Police Control , which later passed it to its superior officers and Delhi Police . . . The boy himself tried to verify the veracity of the phone call ( number 923453367472 ) , which was later traced to a military camp located in Islamabad . This was confirmed by Anant Dev , SP City Noida , who said , A boy identified as Neeraj received a phone call from an unknown location about a possible bomb blast in Delhi . The boy claimed that the call was made from Pakistan . We had passed this information to concerned officers for further verification . . . Unfortunately , no deliberate attempts were made on the part of the investigating agencies to verify the authenticity of the phone call and the matter was pushed to the back burner . . . However , with the Pakistan-based terrorist outfit Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islami ( HuJI ) claiming responsibility for todays blast , the needle of suspicion has once again turned to the neighbouring country . Lending credence to the involvement of Pakistan-based elements , HuJI today sent an email claiming responsibility for the blast outside Delhi High Court this morning . . . We own the responsibility for today ` s blasts at Delhi High Court . Our demand is that Mohammed Afzal Guru ` s death sentence should be repealed immediately else we would target major High Courts and the Supreme Court of India , ' the email sent by HuJI said . . . A 20-member team led by the National Investigations Agency ( NIA ) is examining the email sent by HuJI . . . Reacting to HuJIs e-mail , NIA chief SK Sinha said the mail sent is being looked at since HuJI was involved in the Mumbai blasts too . . . HuJI ` s hand is suspected in the 26/11 Mumbai terror attack at Chabad House in Colaba . . . At least eleven people were killed and over sixty others injured when a high-intensity blast went off outside the Gate number 5 of the Delhi High Court .