As many as six messages of condolence have been sent to the Indian leadership by Afghanistan , following the bomb blasts in Mumbai on Monday . . . While His Majesty Zaher Shah , Father of the Nation , has addressed his message to the Prime Minister , Atal Behari Vajpayee , the President , Hamid Karzai , has sent letters of condolence both to the President , A.P.J. Abdul Kalam , and the Prime Minister . . . Mr. Vajpayee has also received a letter from the first Vice-President , Marshal Qasim Fahim , the External Affairs Minister , Yashwant Sinha , from his counterpart , Abdullah Abdullah , and the National Security Adviser , Brajesh Mishra , from his counterpart , Zalmai Rassoul . . . In his message to Mr. Vajpayee , Mr. Zaher Shah said : ` Most regretfully , I have received information that the criminal terrorists undertook an anti-humanistic action in Mumbai city of India which caused a lot of injury and the death of more than 50 persons . ' . . Expressing his condolences to Mr. Vajpayee and to the people of India , Mr. Karzai wrote : ` The people of Afghanistan also present their condolences to you and to the people of India . The Transitional Islamic State of Afghanistan is fighting against these terrorist actions too . ' . . To Mr. Kalam , Mr. Karzai said : ' I pray that God Almighty may give patience to the grieved families . I hope that -LRB- the -RRB- international coalition against terrorism succeeds in removing the roots of these anti-human activities . ' . . The Sri Lankan President , Chandrika Kumaratunga , and the Prime Minister , Ranil Wickremesinghe , have also sent separate messages to Mr. Kalam and Mr. Vajpayee , on the Mumbai blasts . . . In a letter , Ms. Kumaratunga said : ` We strongly condemn such acts of terror aimed at innocent civilians . We extend our solidarity to the Government and people of India in this time of crisis . ' . . Mr. Wickremesinghe , for his part , expressed shock and horror at the twin car bomb blasts in his message to Mr. Vajpayee . . . ` We condemn this senseless act of terror against innocent people . We extend our sincere condolences also to the Government and people of India . ' .